essentially
substantially
essence
essential
theory
in theory
principle
theorize
theoretical
abstract
abstract knowledge
abstraction
symbolic
symbolize
symbolism
representation
represent
representational
conceive
conceivable
conception
deceive
perceive
accent
foreign accent
alphabet
antonym
consonant
diction
intricate
complex
language acquisition
oral
root
suffix
affix
prefix
syllable
synonym
verbal
vocabulary
vocabulary quantity
vowel
bilingual
bilingual lecturing
cognitive
corpus
dialect
language family
lexicology
linguistic
linguistics
linguist
morphology
phonetic
phonetic alphabet
phonology
semantics
syntax
irrigation
irrigation sprinkler
irrigate
abundantly
plentifully
abundant
cactus
sagebrush
agricultural
agricultural production
agrarian
agrarian reform
arable
arable land
arid
barren
infertile
fertilizer
organic fertilizer
herbicide
pest
pesticide
weed
cultivate
reap
reaper
output
yield
barn
warehouse
prolific
productive
bale loader
tractor
tract
binder
bind
clod crusher
farm machine
field roller
mower
mow
pump
water pump
reaper
harvester
seeder
seed
thresher
thresh
weeder
weed
weeding machine
vegetation
plant
flora
floral
willow
poplar
palm
palm tree
pine
pineapple
shrub
algae
seaweed
fern
moss
tundra
scrubland
bark
pine bark
trunk
stem
twig
evergreen
evergreen tree
cluster
a cluster of flower
anthropologist
humanist
anthropology
anthropological
anthropoid
discover
discovery
universally
universe
universal
reflect
indicate
reflection
facial
facial foam
facial recognition
expression
manifestation
diction
expressive
aghast
aghast at sth.
appall
appalling
craven
cowardly
creep
creepy
dread
dreadful
fright
stage fright
petrified
petrify
terrified
be terrified of
terrify
timid
as timid as a hare
tremble
trembling
ecstasy
ecstatic
exaltation
exalt
exhilaration
exhilarate
gratify
gratification
grin
grin and bear it
intoxicate
intoxication
merry
merrily
mirth
overjoyed
overjoyed at sth.
rejoice
rejoice in
aggrieve
agony
in agony
anguish
in anguish
deplore
distress
distress signal
dolefulness
doleful
grief
come to grief
grieve
grieve for
lament
misery
live in misery and want
mourn
mourn for
sorrow
sorrow at
torment
inner torment
astonish
astonish at
astound
astounding
fabulous
inconceivable
inconceivable disaster
incredible
incredible style
marvelous
marvel
startle
startle response
striking
strike
stunning
stun
aesthetician
aesthetics
archaeologist
archaeology
astronomer
astronomy
ecologist
ecology
ethnologist
ethnology
entomologist
entomology
linguistician
linguistics
neurologist
neurology
ornithologist
ornithology
pathologist
pathology
taxonomist
taxonomy
astrologist
astrology
physiologist
physiology
geologist
geology
meteorologist
meteorology
oceanographer
oceanography
paleontologist
paleontology
demographer
demography
philosopher
philosophy
seismologist
seismology
comet
cometary
Halley's Comet
Earth
Jupiter
Mars
Mercury
Neptune
Saturn
Uranus
Venus
asteroid
dwarf planet
meteor
meteoric
meteor shower
meteoroid
meteor
natural satellite
planet
planetary
planetoid
Pluto
quasar
satellite
weather satellite
star
terrestrial planet
eclipse
lunar eclipse
solar eclipse
elliptic orbit
equator
horizon
horizontal
orbit
orbital
revolve
revolve around
spin
twirl
astronomical unit
astronomy
astronomical
aureole
Big Bang
black mole
celestial
celestial body
constellation
cosmos
universe
galaxy
Milky Way
intergalactic
galactic
interstellar
stellar
lunar
lunar calendar
meteorite
meteorite impact
nebula
nebular
outer space
planetary system
solar
solar system
solar radiation
space station
star cluster
sun's rays
twinkle
wormhole
population
population distribution
populate
locality
position
location
transportation
public transportation
transportation system
transportation network
transit
transport
disposal
garbage disposal
at one's disposal
get rid of
dispose
refuse
refuse collection
garbage
rubbish
litter
aircraft
aircraft maintenance
airliner
civil aviation
commercial jet
helicopter
cruise ship
ferryboat
rowboat
vessel
ocean-going vessel
yacht
automobile
automotive
bicycle
electric bicycle
caravan
electric tram
hybrid car
lorry
lorry crane
motor
motorcycle
motorcycle lane
tricycle
motor tricycle
truck
garbage truck
van
vehicle
wagon
acid rain
alternative energy
biodegradable
biodegradable packaging
carbon emission
climatic deterioration
contaminated soil
deteriorate
deterioration
ecological degradation
environmental awareness
groundwater
groundwater contamination
land resource
low carbon
mineral resource
plastic bag
pollutant
pollutant emission
radioactive
radioactive substance
recycle
reduce
reduction
renewable
renew
reuse
reusable
solar energy
sustainable
sustainable development
water conservation
white pollution
wind energy
worsen
worse
perfectly
faultlessly
perfect
perfection
string
string sth. out
thread
individually
individual
individuality
individualism
individualize
accessory
accessorize
bangle
gold bangle
bracelet
jade bracelet
brooch
pin
charm
a lucky charm
earring
pearl earring
diamond earring
jewellery box
lace
lace up
pendant
top pendant
ring
key ring
sweater chain
trinket
cheap trinkets
alloy
amber
amethyst
bead
beaded
beading
carat
crystal
crystalize
diamond
genuine diamond
emerald
fine silver
gem
jewelry
gold
white gold
heart
jade
jade article
jewel craft
karat
leaf
oval
palladium
pearl
plated
platinum
purity
purification
ruby
sapphire
silver
sterling silver
teardrop
titanium
wing
take wing
billboard design
blog marketing
brand expansion
brand name
buying behavior
cost estimate
herd behavior
loyalty marketing
main channel
market planning
marketing environment
marketing research
marketing strategy
product poster
promotion budget
propaganda department
publicity material
mechanical
mechanical breakdown
mechanic
mechanics
mechanist
mechanician
timepiece
watch
clock
spur
provoke
accurate
precise
exact
inaccurate
accurately
sundial
regulate
adjust
regulation
regulator
regulatory
ancient
ancient tomb
antiquarian
antique
archaeology
artifact
handicraft
Bronze Age
burial object
discovery
discover
excavation
excavate
Iron Age
material culture
Neolithic
prehistoric
relic
cultural relic
scientific method
survey
surveyor
unearth
automaton
automatic
blade
bolt
tight a bolt
crane
equipment
equip
facility
fuel filter
furnace
blast furnace
gadget
doohickey
generator
generate
jack
kiln
lathe
lever
leverage
machinery
farm machinery
outfit
piston
piston ring
pulley
pulley block
reel
tool kit
transformer
transform
turbine
steam turbine
gravity
grave
indicate
indication
indicative
crust
crustal
mantle
yield
yield to
yielding
output
aquifer
confined aquifer
construction
metal-frame construction
continent
continental
continental drift
continental shelf
continental slope
core
diversification
diversify
earth crust
fault
faulting
fissure
fissured
hiatus
depositional hiatus
inner core
layer
layer structure
lithosphere
matrix
extracellular matrix
outer core
periphery
pillar
column
plate
plate boundary
polar
polar night
quantity
quantitative
rift
rift basin
seafloor
seafloor trench
shape
in shape
sphere
sphere object
stratum
subsoil
substance
matter
substrate
respiratory substrate
tectonic plate
tectonics
plate tectonics
trench
dig a trench
uncharted
chart
unconsolidated
loose
verge
on the verge of
accumulation
cumulation
altitude
pressure altitude
avoidable
avoidable risk
bizarre
brink
back from the brink
collapse
collapse strength
decomposition
dissolution
deposit
deposition
drill
bore
elevation
elevate
engulf
merge
equator
equatorial
equatorial plane
erode
corrode
erosion
soil erosion
erratic
eccentric
flake
slice
chip
flatten
flatten out
forefront
jolt
jolting
latitude
leak
leak out
longitude
longitude zone
lump
piece
magma
lava
mountainous
mountainous region
overlie
penetrate
pierce
apperceive
permeable
impermeable
precipitous
precipitous sea
protrude
protrusive
rip through
rolling
rolling hills
scatter
scattered
sediment
sedimentation
sedimentary
precipitable
seep
leak
seepage
seepage spring
span
life span
spectrum
range
stabilize
stabilization
static
static electricity
stretch
stretch out
a stretch of
surface tension
tremor
smaller tremors
unevenly
uneven
basalt
crystalline rock
granite
weathered granite
limestone
quartzite
quartz
sedimentary rock
volcanic
volcano
quail
quail at sb.
quail before sb.
quail at sth.
quail before sth.
typically
typical
enable
disable
spring
spring into
flight
take flight
flightless
instantly
immediately
instant
disturb
disturbance
bird of paradise
blue jay
bowerbird
cassowary
cormorant
emu
falcon
goldfinch
grouse
hawk
heron
kiwi
oriental snowy plover
oriole
golden oriole
plover
raven
rhea
sandpiper
sea eagle
sunbird
tern
thrush
wood thrush
toucan
beak
beaker
bird flu
bird of prey
birdhouse
birdie
birdseed
birdwatcher
callow
callow youth
feather
feather duster
finch
flap
flap over
fledge
fledgling
flightless bird
fluff
fluffy
flutter
flutter a handkerchief
glide
glide slope
hatchling
hatch
migratory bird
natural enemy
nestling
nestling feather
yearling
long-billed
ornithology
ornithologist
plume
plumage
preen gland
receptor
seabird
sensory
wader
warbler
warble
waterfowl
wing
take wing
courtship
court
displacement activity
distraction display
fend
fender
food begging behavior
incubate
incubation
migration
yearly migration
molt
a bird in heavy molt
nest
bird nest
hornet's nest
nocturnal
parenting behavior
perch
fungus
fungal
fungicide
bacteria
decay
rot
ingredient
element
soil
soil erosion
enhance
enhance one's reputation
enhancement
enhanced
fertility
fertility rate
fertile
decompose
disintegrate
decomposition
debris
remains
fragment
antibiotics
potent antibiotics
assimilation
bamboo-sun
dissimilation
cultural dissimilation
enzyme
enzyme activity
fermentation
ferment
fermenter
heterotroph
heterotrophic
jelly ear fungus
lichen
mold
blue mold
mushroom
mushroom cloud
organism
organic
oyster mushroom
shiitake
silver fungus
spore
straw mushrooms
symbiosis
toxic
poisonous
vegetable caterpillar
yeast
atmosphere
atmospheric
atmospheric circulation
balance
maintain balance
biocenosis
biosphere
biosphere reserve
carbon cycle
contaminant
air contaminant
deforestation
deforest
desertification
desertification of land
ecological balance
ecosystem
balanced ecosystem
environmental
environmental condition
evaporation
evaporate
exacerbation
exacerbate
forestation
artificial forestation
geographical environment
interactional
interact
interrelation
relation
lithosphere
ozone layer
topsoil
uninhabited
inhabit
substance
matter
contract
shrink
contraction
freeze
freeze over
freezer
density
atmospheric density
dense
solid
solid mass
solid particle
solidify
solidly
liquid
liquid crystal
liquefy
liquidize
action
mutual action
dynamics
dynamic
friction
gravitation
universal gravitation
gravity
mechanics
quantum mechanics
reaction
traction
tractor
momentum
gain momentum
gather momentum
motion
motionless
static
uniform motion
velocity
high velocity
capacitor
conductor
conductor resistance
electric current
electromagnet
insulator
insulate
insulation
magnetic field
magnetism
magnet
pole
negative pole
volt
voltage
acceleration
maximum acceleration
theory of relativity
acoustics
acoustic
amplitude
amplitude ratio
echo
echo location
frequency
frequency division
optics
optical
resonance
resonate
ultraviolet
ultraviolet ray
vibration
vibrancy
wavelength
wavelength range
energy conservation
equilibrium
balance
formula
inertia
magnitude
percolate
physical law
physics
modern physics
purify
purification
relative
relatively
sphere
stability
stable
thermal
thermal insulation
sculptor
sculpt
sculptural
exert
exertion
artist
graphic artist
brush
tooth brush
brushwork
canvas
cotton canvas
Chinese painting
collection
a collection of
colouring
depict
portray
encaustic painting
engraving
wood engraving
exquisite
exquisite craftsmanship
figure painting
frame
framework
fresco
mural
gallery
art gallery
gouache
illustration
illustrate
painter
landscape painter
painting
portrait painting
oil painting
palette
palette knife
pastel
pastelist
perspective
pigment
pigmented
pigmentation
portrait
portraitist
portray
portrayal
profile
outline
shade
shade into
sketch
sketchy
still life
stipple
studio
photo studio
vivid
bust
carving
carve
carver
engrave
inscribe
hollow out
sculpture
stone sculpture
statuary
statuary art
statue
Statue of Liberty
wood carving
abstract art
classicism
classic
Dadaism
expressionism
expression
impressionism
impression
neoclassicism
neoclassical
realism
realism painting
romanticism
romantic
surrealism
surrealist
symbolism
symbolize
apparently
obviously
evidently
apparent
rigid
rigidity
rigidly
exhibit
show
display
exhibition
elasticity
elastic
skeleton
skeleton frame
framework
withstand
tolerate
endure
considerable
considerable revenue
considerably
impact
have an impact on
resist the impact
affect
collision
compact
appendix
append
artery
arterial
bladder
bladder cancer
capillary
circulatory
circulatory system
digestive
digestive system
gland
glandular
joint
elbow joint
kidney
kidney stone
liver
liver function
lung
lung lobe
muscle
cardiac muscle
muscular
muscular system
nervous system
pancreas
pancreatic
plasma
reproductive system
respiratory
respiratory system
rib
rib cage
shoulder blade
skull
skull fracture
spine
spineless
stomach
stomach ulcer
tissue
soft tissue
urinary system
vein
gash vein
vessel
vessel wall
anatomy
anatomical
cardiology
cardiac
cell
blood cells
chromosome
cramp
embryo
embryonic
excrete
excretion
exhale
fertilize
fertilization
gene
genetic
hormone
hormonal
ingest
ingestion
inhale
inbreathe
metabolism
metabolic
neuron
physiology
physiological
reproduction
reproduce
saliva
salivary
secrete
secretion
syndrome
reflex
reflex action
reflection
reflexive
reaction
reactive
reactivity
reactor
irritant
irritate
irritation
irritable
airway
cessation
suspension
incessant
incessantly
allergic
allergy
allergen
asthma
bronchial asthma
tuberculosis
breastbone
bronchia
bronchitis
chest
chest pain
lung
lung lobe
marrow
respiratory system
rib
rib cage
spine
spinal
trachea
abnormal
abnormal phenomena
acute
advanced stage
ailment
common ailment
alleviate
alleviation
benign
benign tumor
buzzing
chilly
chronic
chronic bronchitis
communicable
communication
congenital
congenital defect
convulsion
convulse
cramp
muscle cramp
dehydration
dehydrate
diagnose
diagnosis
dizziness
dizziness and tinnitus
drowsy
feel drowsy
fever
get a fever
flu
bird flu
food poisoning
headache
violent headache
hoarse
hoarse voice
impotent
impotence
incurable
incurable disease
itchy
killing
mercy killing
latent period
lethal
lethal dose
malignant
malignant neoplasm
neglect of exercise
non-infectious
non-infectious disease
numbness
occasional
occasional sleeplessness
overfatigue
palpitate
palpitation
phlegm
eliminate phlegm
potential complication
prevent further worsen
recheck
countercheck
remediable
remediation
remittent
remittent fever
runny nose
slight fever
sneeze
sneeze at
sore
sore throat
sprain
stabbing pain
stuffy nose
symptom
clinical symptom
tolerate
toleration
ulcerated tongue
unbearable
unbearable pain
uncomfortable
comfortable
under the weather
unwell
feel unwell
consumer
consume
lobby
persuade
lounge
lobbyist
accept
acceptive
claim
claim sth. back
claimant
suspicious
suspicion
age
be of age
under age
allocate
allocation
analysis
analysis report
bestseller
brainwashing
cash-strapped
cash-starved
cheap and fine
client
client service
conspicuous consumption
consumer psychology
consumer surplus
customer
customer loyalty
customer demand
decisive
decisive role
discount
discounter
disposable income
elasticity of demand
emotional
emotionless
exceptional
exceptional case
gender
gender discrimination
high income
high-end
luxury
impulse
impulsive
light-hearted
light-footed
low income
passivity
perspective
viewpoint
precisely
precisely describe sth.
propensity to consume
purchasing power
silly
silly money
spree
a shopping spree
stylish
classy
supply and demand
sway
be easily swayed
target audience
temptation
resist temptation
trivial
trivia
unconscionable
unconscionable sales practices
unemotionally
upscale
upscale clientele
voucher
vouch
well-heeled
well-heeled shopper
wise
wisdom
aware
be aware of
awareness
development
developing
developed
technology
advanced technology
technical
marketing
marketing mix
marketer
activity
criminal activities
activist
activism
accelerate
acceleration
antithetical
antithesis
breakthrough
make a breakthrough
commercialized
commercial
double-edged sword
electronic products
expediency
expedient
high technology
hi-tech
low-tech
overshadow
precision
soaring
soar
sophisticated
advanced
sustainable
sustain
unprecedented
precedented
usher
usherette
advertisement
advertisement plan
advocacy
advocate
arresting
attractive
attraction
have attraction for
audiovisual
audiobook
brevity
conciseness
bundling
bundle
classifieds
free classifieds
copyrighted
copyright
coverage
covering
customer orientation
cut-price
cut-rate
deceitful
deceptive
exaggerate
exaggeration
experiential
experiential promotion
exposure
expose
fictitious
fictional
flier
flyer
go into detail
guarantee
guarantor
handout
highlight
highlighter
humorous
humor
inundate
inundation
leaflet
life span
lifestyle
a lavish lifestyle
market segmentation
medium
merchantable
merchantable quality
middleman
modifiable
modification
monopoly
monopolize
outlet
inlet
position
positional
predict
prediction
premeditated
meditate
promotion
promotion mix
propagate
propagation
propaganda
retail
retailing
retention
customer retention
segmented
segmentation
slogan
brand slogan
targeted
target
testimonial
testimony
out
scalper
mechanized
mechanize
mechanization
attempt
strive
personalize
personalized
severe
severity
interior
interior decoration
exterior
background wall
bay window
brick
ceiling
ceiling lamp
cement
central heating
composite board
concrete
concrete structure
decorate
decorate with
downcomer
draftsman
emulsion paint
furnish
furnishing
glass cement
granite
molding
mold
mortar
ornament
architectural ornament
paint roller
paintbrush
pendent lamp
plane graph
plaster
plasterboard
rebuild
regular maintenance
repaint
restructure
roof
roof structure
slate
socket
solder
weld
strong current
subtle design
switch
switch off
triangular valve
upholster
wallpaper
weak current
weather bar
wire
electric wire
wood
wood floor
caste
the ruling caste
termite
a termite colony
male
male ant
female
feminine
permanently
permanent
permanency
consort
the prince consort
arthropod
insect
injurious insect
bug
bug repellent
larva
ant
soldier ant
bee
worker bee
wasp
bumblebee
butterfly
monarch butterfly
moth
silk moth
dragonfly
firefly
fly
fruit fly
horsefly
mosquito
mosquito killer
anopheles
flea
louse
spider
spider web
black widow spider
beetle
grasshopper
locust
ladybug
cricket
silkworm
cabbage worm
cockroach
centipede
scorpion
crab
crab claw
invertebrate
vertebrate
antenna
tentacle
abdomen
prey
prey on
sting
bee sting
bias
bias against
consciousness
women consciousness
discrimination
discriminate
egalitarian
egalitarianism
eliminate
elimination
enhance
enhance social position
equality
inequality
equality in employment
fair play
feminism
feminism movement
feminist
feminist psychology
gender
gender equity
male chauvinism
partial
impartial
political equality
sexual
sexual assault
firm
steadfast
firmly
consistent
coherent
inconsistent
consistency
rational
rational analysis
irrational
inclined
inclined to do
incline
possess
own
possessed
possession
self-confidence
confidence
affirmative
positive
be eager to do
broad-minded
confident
dynamic
dynamic personality
eagerness
eager
energetic
energy
enthusiasm
arouse the enthusiasm
high-spirited
low-spirited
keen
a keen interest
lively
lively atmosphere
optimist
pessimist
outgoing
readily
willingly
rosy
sanguine
optimistic
spirited
spirited discussion
sunny
sunny side
upbeat
upbeat view
vigorous
vigor
vitality
vital
bravery
brave
brilliant
brilliant mind
brisk
capable
be capable of
courageous
courage
creative
creativity
daring
diligent
be diligent in
fearless
forgiving
forgiving heart
genial
amiable
humorous
humor
independent
independent thinking
ingenuous
naive
intrepid
intrepidity
perfect
perfection
quick wit
romantic
romanticism
spunky
arbitrary
arrogant
haughty
bad-tempered
barbaric
savage
bossy
conceited
conceit
dishonest
honest
emotional
sentimental
foxy
crafty
hasty
haste
hasten
hypocritical
hypocrisy
impassive
impatient
be impatient with
irresponsible
responsible
irritable
irritation
offensive
inoffensive
passive
inactive
quarrelsome
reckless
rash
rude
selfish
selfish behavior
vulgar
vulgarity
weird
odd
influence
have an influence on
influential
significant
significant difference
signify
significance
authority
authoritative
originator
originate
origination
feminism
patriarchy
feminist
feminine
abolish
abolishment
ascendency
ascend
authoritative
authoritative
autonomy
economic autonomy
local autonomy
civic right
class conflict
consensus
the 1992 Consensus
democracy
democracy movement
liberal democracy
democratic centralism
democratic
democratic theory
demonstrate
demonstration
espouse
figurehead
harmonious society
humanitarian
humanist
intercommunity
irrational
irrational price
liberty
civil liberty
liberty of conscience
majority principle
multitude
a multitude of
patriotic
patriotic movement
plural society
political
political party
politics
party politics
popular sovereignty
precursor
principle
basic principle
principle of equality
principle of freedom
represent
represent for
sovereignty doctrine
statesman
politician
submit
submit to
suffrage
universal suffrage
supervision
democratic supervision
the principle of compromise
unanimous
unanimous agreement
universality
high universality
wholesome
consolidation
consolidate
encounter
encounter with
exemplary
expire
expiration
incessant
incessantly
innovator
innovative
interference
interference with
irreparable
irreparable injury
liberate
liberate the slaves
long-standing
mimetic
mime
modernization
modernization theory
overwhelming
overwhelming superiority
proliferation
horizontal proliferation
readjust
adjust
recurring
recurrent
reformism
reunification
the complete reunification of our motherland
revolution
commercial revolution
revolutionize
revolution
social change
succession
ecological succession
successive
succeed
crusade
crusader
arouse
arouse one's interest
arousal
enthusiasm
enthusiastic
enthusiastically
enthusiast
educational
educationalist
facility
equipment
facile
facilitate
immigrant
immigration
emigrant
abandonment
accelerate
accelerate progress
acclimatize
acclimatize oneself to
accord
accord controversies
affluence
affluent
alienate
alienation
blockage
burgeon
community
cultural difference
demobilize
destitute
destitute neighborhood
diversity
cultural diversity
divert
divert attention
flourish
in full flourish
formative
formation
harmonious
harmonious world
homestay
host family
immersion
immersion in
immutable
immutable truth
implication
improve
improvement
insuperable
insuperable difficulty
integrate
integrate into
language skill
living habit
local lifestyle
lodge
lodge with
long-range
migrant
migration
mischance
mishap
periodical
periodical inspection
populate
population
privation
undergo hard privations
revelation
revelation of the true facts
socialize
socialization
stimulate
stimulate domestic demand
strengthen
strengthen the economy
tractable
tractability
transmission
data transmission
unrestrained
unrestrained joy
urbanize
urbanism
urbanite
ability
all-round
all-round talent
attainment
attain
attitude
attitude towards
basic education
basic quality
compulsory education
creativity
creativity and innovation
cultivate
cultivation
enlightening
enlightening significance
exam-oriented education
higher education
insightful
insightful learning
intelligence
intelligence quotient
labor skill
lower secondary education
mentality
moral value
morality
moralism
potential
potential energy
pre-primary education
primary education
quality-oriented education
registered school
value
view of life
world view
wind-pollinated
attract
be attracted to sth.
lure
attractive
attraction
attractant
insect
dispense
dispense with sb.
dispense with sth.
dispensable
dispensation
petal
nectar
scent
fragrance
odor
smell
exuberant
fertilize
fertilization
fertilizer
floral
floriculture
foliage
grassy
grassy plain
herb
herbicide
herbivore
photosynthesis
pistil
pollen
pollinate
pollination
pollinator
seed
seed player
soil
soil erosion
sprayer
stalk
stamen
stigma
succulent
tissue
water
weed
wither
absorb
absorbing
addict
addictive
addiction
allure
appeal
appealing
bait
charisma
charismatic
draw
engrossing
entice
fascinate
fascination
fascinating
glamorous
grip
intriguing
inviting
magnet
magnetism
magnetize
mesmerize
tempt
temptation
tempting
classical
classical architecture
classicism
neoclassical
amenity
public amenities
fulfill
fulfillment
architectural
architectural style
archway
baroque
baroque period
elevation
habitable
habitable space
lay the foundation
reconstruction
reconstruction project
renewal
renew
residential
resident
scale
in scale
spiral stair
civil engineering
aisle
walkway
amphitheatre
basilica
beam
Byzantine
Byzantine architecture
circus
classical architecture
classical order
colonnade
column
pillar
concrete
concrete structure
decorative
ornamental
dome
cupola
forum
Roman forum
infrastructure
infrastructural
lintel
marble
a block of marble
monolith
monumental architecture
Romanesque architecture
semicircular
structural
structure
triumphal arch
vault
vaulted
insufficient
sufficient
scanty
scanty evidence
meager
needy
affluent
stingy
devoid
scarce
scarcity
deficient
deficiency
remote
remote mountain area
distant
rural
ruralize
rurality
location
locality
locate
previous
former
preceding
previously
generation
for generations
absolute music
blues
country blues
country music
country-folk
country-pop
electric blues
folk jazz
folk music
funk
hip-hop
instrumental music
jazz
jazz band
jazz blues
Latin rap
percussion
percussion instrument
pop music
punk
R&B
rhythm & blues
rap
pop rap
rock and roll
soul
soul jazz
traditional folk
album
debut album
chorus
chorus master
composition
musical composition
conservatory
disc
euphonious
harsh
harshness
instrument
instrumental
lyric
lyricist
melodic
melody
movement
music demo
musical
musical comedy
notation
musical notation
note
orchestra
orchestral
pitch
high pitch
rhythm
sense of rhythm
score
musical score
stereo
stereo system
string
string music
tempo
moderate tempo
tuneful
musical
vocal
vocal music
concerto
duet
fantasia
impromptu
march
nocturne
overture
prelude
rhapsody
serenade
solo
soloist
sonata
sonata form
symphony
symphony orchestra
variation
millennium
enormous
massive
escalation
escalate
occupy
occupant
occupancy
permanent
permanent residence
permanency
permanently
settlement
settle
agency
agency fee
appreciation
currency appreciation
deposit
depositor
depress
depression
flatmate
landlord
loan
commercial loan
mansion
dwelling
mortgage
housing mortgage
outskirts
property
private property
real estate
realtor
realty
rent
for rent
residential area
speculator
speculate
suburb
suburban
tenure
tenure of use
uptown
urban
urban area
century
half a century
decade
over the past decade
epoch
epochal
era
the Christian era
calendar
academic calendar
fortnight
in a fortnight
leap year
lunar calendar
solar calendar
arithmetic
calculate
calculator
convert
division
divide
even number
multiplication
multiply
odd number
subtraction
subtract
summation
summation formula
fossil
fossil fuel
fossilize
fossilized
trace
imprint
prehistoric
prehistoric times
mineralize
mineral
mineralization
impression
impress
organ
organ transplant
antiquity
antique
biochemical
biochemical weapon
body fossil
carbonization
carbon
chemical reduction
decay
decay process
diagenesis
dinosaur fossil
formation
fossil record
fossiliferous
fossilization
petrifaction
geological
geological time
index fossil
microfossil
paleontology
precipitation
sediment
remains
preserved remains
rock formation
sedimentary layer
skeletal
skeleton
specimen
sample
stratum
subfossil
trace fossil
abandoned
abandoned well
abundant resource
clay
mud
deposit
placer deposit
dowse
dowser
drain
drainage
energy
energy source
exploratory
exploratory research
extraction
extract
gemstone
natural gemstone
geological material
gravel
sandy gravel
limestone
limestone quarry
lode
metal
rare metal
mineral
radioactive mineral
ore
iron ore
petrochemical
petrochemical industry
prospect
prospector
reef
rock salt
shale
oil shale
vein
application
application for
applicable
applicant
electronic
electronic commerce
electrical
electrode
electron
control
remote control
regulate
controller
microprocessor
storage
storage space
warehouse
multiply
multiplication
bluetooth
bluetooth telephone
card reader
CD
compact disc
CD-ROM
compact disc read-only memory
component
component part
cord
telephone cord
CPU
central processing unit
CPU cooling fan
earphone
a pair of earphones
a set of earphones
expandable
expandable memory
film
mobile phone film
headset
bluetooth headset
ink box
keyboard
keyboard shortcut
lens
zoom lens
memory card
memory-chip
microphone
wireless microphone
modem
monitor
computer monitor
motherboard
mouse
wireless mouse
plug in
power adapter
power supply
router
screen
display screen
slot
coin slot
solid state disk
switch
swap
trail version
USB cable
USB hub
webcam
precise
to be precise
exact
accurate
imprecise
precisely
quality
qualitative
literary
literacy
illiterate
exemplary
exemplar
exemplify
remain
remainder
remaining
remnant
constant
constant temperature
stable
instant
anthology
the Greek anthology
aphorism
aphoristic
ballad
balladeer
biography
celebrity biography
classic
classical
creation
create
cultural
cultural undertaking
deploy
deployment
digest
Reader's Digest
drama
dramatic
eclogue
pastoral
elegy
elegiac
encomium
epic
an epic novel
essay
essay method
excerpt
excerption
fiction
crime fiction
folklore
Chinese folklore
foreword
idyllic
idyllic poem
legend
urban legend
literary criticism
literary genre
literature
comparative literature
locution
body locution
lyric
lyric song
masterpiece
period masterpiece
metaphor
metaphorical
metonymy
myth
Greek myth
narrator
narration
nonfiction
nonprofit
novel
sentimental novel
novella
ode
Ode to Joy
platitude
platitudinous
poem
narrative poem
lyric poem
poet
Poet Laureate
poetry
lyric poetry
precept
precept platform
prose
descriptive prose
realism
critical realism
Renaissance
Renaissance art
reportage
reporter
rhyme
rhyme with
romanticism
romantic
short story
simile
simile marker
sonnet
Shakespeare's sonnets
verse
ragged verse
versemonger
versification
ancient literature
classical literature
contemporary literature
modern literature
oral literature
realistic literature
romantic literature
written literature
seek
seek for
seek sth. out
seeker
financial
financial deficit
financial aid
finance
financier
financially
notion
notional
notionally
automobile
motor
automotive
immobile
consider
all things considered
consideration
considerate
ridiculous
ridiculously
ridiculousness
after-sale service
all-terrain vehicle
brand awareness
bumper pad
coupe
sporty coupe
credibility
credible
humanization
humanize
ignition
ignite
limousine
minivan
personalization
personalize
professional
profession
sale price
sedan
sedan chair
service
out of service
service charge
station wagon
trip distance
unified store
alternator
alternator transmitter
automotive engine system
car audio
chassis
combination meter
motor
motor system
reverse sensor
spare part
spark plug
starter motor
tire
tire pressure
antifreeze solution
car care product
car maintenance
car polish
car washing
fill up
gasoline
premium gasoline
gasoline engine
oil spill
recap
recapitulate
scrub away
sponge down
unleaded
unleaded gasoline
wax
waxen
wiper
pursue
pursue a goal
pursuit
pursuer
career
profession
careerist
careerism
unpaid
unorganized
amateur
professional
amateurism
accountant
actor
actress
anesthetist
anesthetic
architect
architectural
associate professor
attendant
room attendant
baker
bakery
ballerina
ballet
bank teller
beautician
beautiful
blacksmith
smithy
blue-collar worker
bricklayer
bricklaying
butcher
butchery
carpenter
carpentry
cashier
chief judge
chief of police
civil engineer
civil planner
civil servant
clerk
receptionist
cobbler
composer
composition
conductor
conductress
copywriter
writer
delivery boy
designer
fashion designer
detective
detector
director
direction
docker
dressmaker
tailor
electrician
electric
firefighter
fishmonger
florist
floral
greengrocer
hairdresser
interpreter
interpretation
lecturer
university lecturer
mailman
mechanic
mechanism
merchant
merchandise
miner
coal miner
newscaster
newscast
novelist
novelistic
public servant
pharmacist
pharmacy
photographer
photograph
porter
producer
production
sailor
salesman
an export salesman
secretary
senior secretary
stewardess
steward
surgeon
surgery
teaching assistant
equipment technician
typist
a fast typist
welder
white-collar worker
discovery
displace
germ
microorganism
germfree
noxious
nocuous
drain
drainage
drainage ditch
drainage hole
drainage system
sewage
sewage disposal
sewage engineering
sewer
detoxify
detoxification
intoxicate
intoxication
poison
poisonous
toxin
toxic
toxication
toxicology
acne
acute
acuteness
AIDS
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
ailment
common ailment
alcoholism
chronic alcoholism
allergic
allergic dermatitis
allergic rhinitis
anemia
nutritional anemia
appendicitis
appendix
arthritis
arthritic
asthenia
asthma
asthmatic
bird flu
avian influenza
the Black Death
bruise
bruising
bruised
bulimia
bulimic
cancer
breast cancer
caries
cavity
caving
cervical spondylosis
chickenpox
to get chickenpox
chronic
chronically
colour blindness
coma
in a coma
concussion
brain concussion
congenital
congenitally
congestion
congested
coronary heart disease
despondent
despondency
diabetes
diabetes mellitus
diarrhoea
dislocation
dislocate
dreaminess
dreamless
dysentery
endemic
endocrine
endocrine dyscrasia
enteritis
chronic enteritis
fatigue
mental fatigue
chronic fatigue
feeble
feebleness
fracture
fractured
freckle
ephelis
gastritis
gastric
heart disease
heat stroke
hives
urticaria
hoarse
hoarse voice
hypertension
hypotension
incubation
indigestion
inflammation
leukemia
mad cow disease
malaria
falciparum malaria
malnutrition
malnourished
nausea
nauseous
nearsightedness
myopia
nervousness
nervosity
perturbed
perturbation
pneumonia
pneumatic
pulmonary tuberculosis
quarantine
rabies
rabid
relapse
suffer a relapse
SARS
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
scalding
scald
scarlet fever
smallpox
smallpox vaccine
sore
sore throat
sore eyes
sprain
in a bad ankle sprain
stroke
suffer a stroke
stupor
in a drunken stupor
sub-health
suboptimal health status
trauma
traumatic
tumor
benign tumor
unresponsive
responsive
vomit
wan
pale and wan
wearisome
weary
attractive
unattractive
attractiveness
satisfy
satisfaction
satisfactory
discerning
discern
discernment
apricot
avocado
blackberry
blueberry
wild blueberry
cherry
cherry blossom
coconut
coconut milk
durian
fig
grapefruit
grapefruit fiber
guava
kiwi fruit
kiwi fruit jam
lemon
a slice of lemon
lime
longan
loquat
lychee
mango
green mango
muskmelon
papaya
peach
honey peach
persimmon
pineapple
dried pineapple
plum
pomegranate
raspberry
starfruit
strawberry
strawberry jam
watermelon
watermelon juice
analysis
statistic analysis
client
client service
consumer
consumer price index
consumer psychology
customer
customer loyalty
customer demand
decisive
decisive role
exceptional
exceptional case
gender
gender discrimination
impulse
impulse buying
low-income
passivity
passive
propensity
consumption propensity
psychology
educational psychology
purchasing power
realistic psychology
purchasing power
realistic psychology
stylish
fashionable
supply and demand
target audience
temptation
resist temptation
upscale
upscale clientele
outgas
carbon
carbon emission
dioxide
sulphur dioxide
accumulate
amass
accumulation
intensify
heighten
intensification
anthropogenic
anthropogenic pollution
biomass energy
climate change
combustion
perfect combustion
Copenhagen Accord
desertification
emission
toxic emission
energy consumption
exhaust
exhaust gas
extreme weather
glacier
global warming
greenhouse
greenhouse effect
greenhouse gas
heat
heat release
heat wave
Kyoto Protocol
melt
melt away
off-gas
off-gas line
precipitation change
reduce emission
rising sea level
species extinction
temperature increase
absorb
absorption
airflow
convection
convection currents
diurnal cycle
effective temperature
heat flux
infrared
methane
ozone
ozone layer
radiate energy
radiation
solar radiation
solar energy
surface temperature
thermal
thermal radiation
troposphere
ultraviolet
ultraviolet ray
water vapor
wavelength
wavelength range
contribute
contribution
contributor
attribute
distribute
shelter
harbor
protect
sheltered
enrich
fertilize
enrichment
complement
supplement
implement
site
building site
climate
climatic
economically
economical
feasible
feasibility
arch
archway
architecture
architectural
architect
attic
balcony
beam
block
new year's block
clay
concrete
cement concrete
construct
reconstruct
reconstruction
corridor
ice-free corridor
elevator
elevate
elevation
erect
facade
Gothic
hut
lime
limestone
marble
mortar
plaster
skyscraper
slate
tile
timber
lumber
log
vault
vaulted
ventilation
ventilation system
natural ventilation
dynamics
dynamic
predict
foretell
forecast
predicable
prediction
minimize
maximize
minimum
damage
destroy
avoid
avoidable
avoidance
climate
climate change
littoral climate
monsoon climate
plateau climate
plateau climate
polar climate
sub-tropical climate
temperate climate
tropical climate
tropical cyclone
tropical marine climate
atmosphere
atmosphere pressure
barometric
barometer
cold front
cold low
cold wave
evaporate
evaporation
humid
humidity
meteorology
meteorologist
thermal high
tide
tidal
tropic
tropical
twilight
in the twilight
aftershock
aftershock wave
avalanche
snowslide
blizzard
blizzard fatality
crest
cyclone
drought
drought disaster
earthquake
predict an earthquake
frost
ground frost
hurricane
landslide
tornado
typhoon
typhoon eye
calamity
calamitous
famine
severe famine
lava
magma
alleviate
relieve
devastate
evacuation
evacuate
magnitude
rescue
rescue crew
shelter
bomb shelter
survivor
survival
wreckage
aircraft wreckage
streamline
absence
absence of mind
lack
absent
hind
presence
in the presence of sth.
absence
present
fluke
blowhole
disguise
mask
pretend
conceal
affinity
infinity
dwell
reside
dwelling
dweller
mammal
mammalian
antelope
anthropoid
baboon
bat
beaver
beluga
buffalo
camel
cetacean
chimpanzee
dolphin
donkey
elk
fox
gibbon
giraffe
gorilla
hippo
hyena
marten
moose
otter
ox
pony
porpoise
primate
reindeer
rhinoceros
rodent
seal
a colony of seals
sloth
slothful
squirrel
vertebrate
invertebrate
walrus
whale
sperm whale
yak
zebra
aquatic
scale
scaled
gill
gill cover
fin
school
a school of whales
dinosaur
tyrannosaur
pterosaur
extinct
an extinct species
extinct volcano
extinction
postulate
postulation
geography
geology
geologist
responsible
responsibility
brontosaurus
chondrule
crater
cretaceous
endotherm
endothermic
eruption
erupt
evaporate
evaporation
evolutionary
evolutionary psychology
fossil
fossilize
fossilized
hypothesize
hypothetical
mutualism
mutual
petrifaction
fossilization
primordial
primeval
primitive
fundamental
fundamentalist
progression
progress
regularity
regularity assumption
remediation
remediation goal
renewal
renew
resilience
ecosystem resilience
resilient
resistant
drought-resistant crops
scarce
scarcely
scarcity
selection
choice
symbiotic
symbiotic bacteria
air-water interaction
biont
contaminated land
eco-environment
endangered species
global warming
greenhouse effect
greenhouse gas
hydrosphere
inorganic environment
land carrying capacity
land use classification
law of the jungle
modification
modify
precipitation enhancement
rejuvenation
rejuvenate
sea level rise
shield
shield off
solar radiation
surrounding
surround
transpiration
transpire
elimination
eliminate
inflation
currency inflation
deflation
ensure
assure
insure
repay
repay a loan
repayment
loan
loan interest rate
appreciation
currency appreciation
budget deficit
circulating medium
currency
currency exchange
credit currency
currency circulation
currency issue
deflation
deflation policy
depreciate
depreciation
financial
financial deficit
macro control
means of payment
monetary
monetarist
monetary policy
money supply
pecuniary
pecuniary loss
price level
virtual currency
amortize
amortization
borrower
collateralized loan
credit
credit balance
deadline
debit
debit balance
debt collector
debt
be in debt
extension
extensive
guarantee
loan guarantee
high credit risk
high default risk
high interest rate
high-risk loan
high-value loan
installment
installment payment
lender
lender of last resort
long-term loan
offset
be offset by
overtime
short-term loan
substitute
substitute A for B
warrantor
boom
economic boom
boost
boost the economy
brisk
brisk trade
business boom
economic development
escalate
escalate into
momentum
economic momentum
outpace
skyrocket
stimulus
fiscal stimulus
bank crisis
banking panic
bubble economy
contraction
economic contraction
credit risk
currency crisis
debt crisis
depression
economic depression
devalue
devaluation
downturn
in downturn
economic downturn
economic slump
file for bankruptcy
financial crisis
financial storm
financial tsunami
fiscal deficit
fluctuation
price fluctuation
gloomy
housing crisis
IMF
International Monetary Fund
plunge
stock plunge
prospective
prospective earnings
recession
in recession
recovery
recovery from
slack
slack time
sluggish
sluggish market
squeeze
squeeze into
stagnant
stagnant economy
stagnation
stagnation theory
stock market crash
subprime mortgage crisis
economic slump
unemployment rate
US housing bubble
capitalist economy
collective economy
economic climate
economic law
economic potential
economic potential
economic quality
economic resurgence
economic structure
GDP
Gross Domestic Product
GNP
Gross National Product
industrial structure
liberal economy
market economy
measurement
measurement accuracy
mixed economy
optimize
optimization
planned economy
reform and opening up
rural economy
socialist economy
futurism
atheism
tomism
reject
rejection
glorify
glory
emphasize
emphasis
motion
put sth. in motion
motionless
abstraction
abstracted
artistic movements
combination
combine
cubism
cubist
dynamic state
identify
identity
incarnate
incarnation
integrate
integration
manifestation
manifest
resurrection
resurrect
sensation
sensitive
static state
modernist aesthetics
abstractionism
abstract
Dadaism
Dadaist
expressionism
expressionist
fauvism
Fauve
hyperrealism
hyperrealist
modernism
modernist
pop art
realism
critical realism
surrealism
surreal
aestheticism
aestheticist
avant-garde
avant-gardism
biographer
biography
choreographer
choreography
conservatism
conservation
constructivism
constructivist
critic
criticism
genre
imagist
imagism
impressionist
impressionism
literary elitism
minimalist
minimalism
neoclassicism
neoclassicist
poetic works
purism
purity
Renaissance
Renaissance art
rococo
romanticism
neo-romantism
satirist
satirise
simplification
simplify
territory
utopian
utopia
acid
acid rain
acidic
acidity
compound
chemical compound
compound eye
mixture
solution
water solution
saline solution
liquor
sharp
sharp mind
sharply
sharpen
corrosive
corrosive effect
corrode
corrosion
metal
metal detector
dye
synthetic dye
hair dye
accounting
accountant
agriculture
sustainable agriculture
anthropology
architecture
classical architecture
archival science
biology
biological
botany
botanical
botanist
civil engineering
ecology
ecological
economics
information economics
electronic engineering
environmental science
ethics
ethnology
geology
geologist
geological
linguistics
comparative linguistics
literature
management
marketing management
mathematics
mathematical
meteorology
meteorologist
pedagogy
philosophy
Marxist philosophy
psychology
psychological
seismology
sociology
zoology
zoological
aluminium
aluminium oxide
calcium
carbon
carbon dioxide
element
elemental
helium
hydrogen
nitrogen
nitrogen dioxide
oxygen
oxygen gas
silicon
silicon chip
sodium
sodium chloride
sulfur
sulfuric acid
artificial
artificial fertilizer
catalyst
dissolve
methane
firedamp
periodic table
refine
solvent
synthetic
synthetic dye
instance
for instance
precinct
shopping precinct
electorate
ostentatious
contemporary
current
contemporaneous
temporary
abdicate
administrative
administrate
authority
authorize
bondage
slavery
centralize
centralization
descent
descendant
dignity
dignified
dynasty
Qing Dynasty
emperor
empire
genealogy
genealogical
imperial
imperial palace
monarchy
monarch
official
official copy
scepter
majesty
throne
accede to the throne
tribute
distribute
emergence
emergent
precedent
precedence
prelude
proximity
proximate
replacement
replacement of
revitalization
revitalization movement
auspice
auspicious
cult
personality
observance
observe
pagoda
prophecy
self-fulfilling prophecy
prophet
religious
religion
ritual
temple
baroque
baroque period
Byzantine
Byzantine architecture
chamber
compartment
colonnade
drape
draper
elevation
elevate
glyph
hieroglyph
habitable
habitable space
ledge
mural
muralist
reconstruction
reconstruction project
renewal
renew
scale
scale up
spiral stair
splendor
splendid
tapestry
tapestried
offshore
paralic
drill
bore
practic
platform
extend
stretch
extension
ocean
deep ocean
continental
continental shelf
continental drift
continent
gently
gentle
slope
fan-shaped slope
submarine
marine
mariner
region
district
regional
regionalism
regionalization
edge
on the edge of
on edge
border
alternative energy
clean energy
electric
electric energy
fuel
fossil fuel
gas
new energy
nuclear energy
petrol
petroleum
crude petroleum
solar energy
tidal energy
white coal
wind energy
wind power generation
resource
resourceful
resourcefulness
ore
consumption
energy consumption
deplete
depletion
drain
excavate
exploit
exploitation
over-exploitation
mine
unexplored
explore
untapped
fuel-efficient
energy-efficient
non-renewable
renewable
rare
conserve
conservation
conservative
preserve
preservation
well-preserved
dependent
independent
dependable
dependence
photography
photograph
geography
reluctant
unwilling
reluctance
compromise
compromising
professional
amateur
profession
angle of view
avocation
battery
rechargeable battery
brightness
central focus
charger
depth of field
digital
digital camera
exposure
exposure control
exposure value
flare
sparkle
flashlight
focus
auto focus
focus length
high speed photography
hue
hue and cry
image capture
image size
lens
lens hood
long exposure
manual focus
memory card
overexposure
panorama
panoramic
photocopy
photoprint
photograph album
pixel
pixel size
saturation
saturation level
saturation effect
selfie
selfie stick
self-timer
shutter
shutter speed
single lens reflex camera
slow motion
snap
spot
spotless
time-lapse photography
tripod
tripod stand
user-friendly
environment-friendly
viewfinder
hybrid viewfinder
wide angle
zoom
zoom in
zoom out
zoom lens
artistic
artistic standards
display
display cabinet
edify
edification
enlighten
enlightenment
exhibit
exhibition
expressive
expressive force
reproducibility
reproducible
startling
startling news
ancestor
ancestral
ancestry
upright
vertical
resemble
resemblance
chimpanzee
facially
facial
protrude
protrusive
adapt
adapt oneself to
antiquity
biophysical environment
burgeon
cave man
common descent
cranial
cranial cavity
Darwin
Darwinism
degenerate
degradation
descendant
descend
directional selection
ecological anthropologist
evolutionary change
evolve
evolution
evolutionary
extinction
species extinction
food chain
hominid
homogeneous
morphology
morphological
natural selection
offspring
descendant
origin
origin of species
outgrow
paleoanthropologist
paleoanthropology
psychological anthropologist
survival
survival of the fittest
weed out
centralized management
chiefdom
civilization
civilian
clan
remains
remainder
rock painting
ruin
building ruins
succession
successive
superior
superiority
tribe
tribal
Stone Age
Neolithic Age
Paleolithic Age
Mesolithic Age
ape
baboon
biological diversity
bipedal
erect bipedal primate
breed
inbreeding
cub
gorilla
grub
grub sth. out
habitat
habitation
herd
inhabit
inhabitation
instinct
instinctive
living creature
mature
immature
omnivorous
omnivore
predator
predatory
prey
prey on
primate
class
family
genus
order
species
suborder
anarchism
anarchist
anarchic
cluster
clump
doctrine
doctrinaire
principal
principle
government
govern
unnecessary
necessary
administrator
administrative
allege
alleged
avow
charter
cohesion
cohesion force
consistency
consistent
dominate
domination
dominance
enact
enactment
governance
implement
implement plan
macro-control
maintain
maintenance
mandate
mandatory
permit
permissible
plenary
plenary power
pragmatic
pragmatic approach
prohibit
prohibition
regulate
regulation
safeguard
social security
subordinate
subordination
supervise
supervision
viable
viable option
aggravation
aggravate
animus
animus against sb.
animus against sth.
atrocity
atrocious
belligerent
belligerent act
captivity
in captivity
collaborate
collaboration
project collaboration
contradiction
a contradiction in terms
defection
defector
defiance
defiant
designing
cunning
deterrent
deterrent force
fiasco
catastrophe
frightening
frightening experience
greed
cupidity
incongruent
congruent
incongruity
congruity
inequity
gender inequity
interception
direct interception
illegal interception
intersect
intersected
juncture
maelstrom
chaos
menace
security menace
ostracism
ostracize
polarize
polarization
repulse
repulsion
repulsive
scandal
bribery scandal
shattered
shatter
social instability
stigma
tangle
tangle with
trap
trapper
tumult
tumultuous
turmoil
social turmoil
ultimatum
rotary
rotate
rotation
attach
connect
attachment
steam
steam engine
vapor
shaft
axis
spin
twirl
weave
knit
weaver
apparatus
equipment
awl
axe
cleaver
drill
drill holes
file
filter
strainer
fuse
fusion
hammer
mallet
jack
ladder
muffler
muffle
nail
nail down
nut
pliers
punch
punchy
saw
saw off
scaffold
scoop
screw
screw into
screwdriver
tweezers
wrench
assembly line
blowdown
blowdown valve
composite
composite material
current production
demanding
a demanding task
distend
foam
foamed rubber
generate
generator
hoist
hoist rope
intertwine
invert
malleable
malleable steel
manufacturing
manufacture
meshed
mesh
mold
process
process flow
revolve
revolve around
rotate
rotation
rust
rust removal
scrap
scrap iron
sectional
sectional view
workshop
workshop director
wrought
wrought iron
self-awareness
develop self-awareness
stage
period
entail
involve
awareness
public awareness
aware
adjust oneself
appealing
appealing look
attractive personality
be adept in
communication
daily communication
convincing
convince
cooperative
incooperative
eloquent
eloquent speech
generous
generosity
greeting
exchange greetings
humorous
humorous language
informal
informal occasion
intelligent
intelligence
interpersonal relationship
keep a promise
moderate
moderate character
naive
a naive argument
networking skill
oral
oral communication
punctual
punctuality
relationship network
reliable
trustworthy
sociable
sociable personality
timidity
timid
tolerant
tolerance
altruistic
altruism
cognitive
cognitive dissonance
confusion
confuse
consciousness
self-consciousness
differentiation
differentiate
egoism
emotional state
empathy
emotional empathy
identification
identify
interaction
interact
internal
internal value
introspection
introspective
inward
outward
metacognition
personality
multiple personality
psychology
positive psychology
recognition
social recognition
self
the inner self
self-aware
various
variety
variation
committee
advisory committee
council
executive
chief executive officer
execute
branch
branch company
implement
implementation
assembly
assemble
supervise
oversee
supervision
supervisor
cabinet
cabinet office
chairman
former chairman
vice chairman
chamber
Chamber of Commerce
council chamber
chancellor
lord chancellor
Chief Justice
congress
hold a congress
congressman
council
city council
court
district court
federal
Federal Reserve
House of Commons
the Lower Chamber
House of Lords
the Upper House
legislative committee
magistrate
magisterial
ministry
the Ministry of Defence
National Committee
parliament
British parliament
premier
Vice Premier
president
run for president
Privy Council of Britain
queen
QUEEN OF English
representative
House of Representatives
senate
senator
sheriff
sheriff court
spokesman
Standing Committee
state
U.S. State Department
Supreme Court
Legislative Council
civil
civil engineering
conduit
construct
reconstruct
coordination
coordinate
design
interior design
development project
drainage
sewerage
electrical
electricity
garbage collection
highway engineering
infrastructure
infrastructure network
leisure facility
maintain
maintainer
municipal
municipal engineering
optimize
optimize structure
public housing
sewer
sewer system
sidewalk
pavement
undertake
undertaking
urban engineering
waste management
waste water treatment
range
range from
scope
ranger
emerge
emergence
emergency
split
inhabit
inhabitant
inhabited
uninhabited
inhabitable
uninhabitable
lowland
lowland lake
highland
isolate
isolate from
isolated
carp
trout
salmon
tuna
sardine
squid
sailfish
mackerel
billfish
marlin
swordfish
octopus
allopatric
barrier
geographic barrier
canyon
gorge
gully
ravine
valley
colonize
contact
coyote
descendant
descend
dispersion
disperse
diverge
divergence
emigrate
evolve
evolution
evolutionary
exchange
gene flow
gene pool
glacier
hinder
interbreed
isthmus
land bridge
mainland
marine
mate
mating
neighboring
contiguous
recolonize
route
an air route
separation
divorce
speciation
species
stray
subpopulation
undergo
originally
primally
original
sensitivity
sensitive
sensible
bitter
bitter taste
bitterness
poisonous
noxious
poison
poisoning
bland diet
greasy
insipid food
pungent
pungent taste
salty
salty water
sour
sour flavour
spicy food
strong taste
sweet
sweet wine
tender
tenderness
additive
free from additive
adulterate
adulterate wine with water
benchmark dose
cancer-causing chemical
concoction
decay
tooth decay
exceed the standard
food hygiene
food labeling
food safety
fungicide
fungicide residues
hazardous
hazard
illegal food additive
manufacturing date
moldy
mold
organic
organic molecule
organic food
out of date
pasteurize
pasteurization
perishable
perishables
pesticide residues
potable
potable water
preservative
preservative film
quality
quality assurance
quality control
seamy
sordid
sell-by date
squalid
filthy
squalor
live in squalor
stale
staleness
storage of food
untried
undetected
plow
till
penetrate
penetration
penetrating
densely
thickly
dense
density
tangled
twist
tangle
prairie
erect
erection
boundary
border
agrarian
agrarian revolution
arable
arable land
manure
manure spreader
granary
grain
hectare
husbandry
crop husbandry
plantation
plant
prolific
prolifically
ranch
rancher
ridge
ridger
seedbed
billhook
brushhook
flail
furrow
furrowed fields
hayfork
pitchfork
hoe
weeding hoe
plough
rake
harrow
scythe
shovel
shovelful
sickle
spade
call a spade a spade
weeding hook
autotroph
fauna
fern
ferny
flora
floral
lawn
mow the lawn
liana
lichen
moss
meadow
pasture
rain forest
recycling
recycle
symbiosis
symbiotic
symbiotically
tree bark
tuft
tufted
artificial
artificial intelligence
synthetic
stationary
immobile
shift
transfer
shifting
respect
with respect to
respectable
degree
to some degree
grade
movement
horizontal movement
astronaut
spaceman
astronomical
astronomical observation
aviation
aviation industry
embark
embark on
enroute
microwave
microwave communication
navigation
navigation equipment
navigation monitor
observatory
propeller
propel
satellite communication
shuttle
space shuttle
spaceship
spacecraft
telescope
optical telescope
veer
block up
congestion
traffic congestion
detour
take a detour
devious
deviousness
GPS
Global Positioning System
GPS navigation
jostle
jostle for sth.
muddy
muddy street
narrow
a narrow path
orderly
disorderly
overcrowd
overcrowded
overspeed
overspeed preventer
roundabout way
rush hour
slippery
slip
slope
gentle slope
smoothly
smooth
traffic control
traffic jam
industrial
industrial structure
industrialize
industrialization
revolution
revolutionary
revolutionize
accompany
accompanying
accompaniment
expansion
colonial expansion
expansion of trade
expansive
overseas
abroad
agricultural reform
barrier
trade barrier
charcoal
coal mine
cotton production
democratization
democracy
division of labor
efficiency
production efficiency
at capacity
facilitate
facilitation
free trade
international economy
iron output
liberal trade policy
machinery
machine
market orientation
mechanical
mechanical energy
mechanization
mechanize
mercantile
commercial
merchant marine
population density
primary source
progressive
progressive force
protectionist
protectionist movement
railway construction
raw material
reinvest
invest
shipbuilding
shipbuilding industry
spin and weave cotton
steamship
transformation
transform
transit trade
transport
convey
arrogate
autocracy
feudal autocracy
bloodshed
colonial
colonial rule
colony
colonist
concentration of power
counter-hegemony
despotism
bureaucratic despotism
dictator
dictatorship
discord
ethnic cleansing
fascism
genocide
hegemonism
regional hegemonism
hegemony
hegemonic
imperialism
imperial
oppress
oppression
plunder
colonial plunder
predominate
predominant
quell
quell violence
reign
reign over
riot police
superpower
supremacy
supreme
tyranny
tyrant
jaw
joint
elbow joint
advanced
advanced technology
advance
herbivore
scavenger
omnivore
transverse
transverse section
shred
shredder
compression
compress
beaver
browse
buffalo
African buffalo
consumption
consume
flamingo
frugivore
giraffe
gorilla
grasshopper
graze
overgraze
koala
koala bear
krill
carnivore
carnivorous
cooked food
cuisine
ltalian cuisine
dietary habit
eating disorder
gourmet festival
have a sweet tooth
healthful diet
herbal cuisine
junk food
local delicacy
lose weight
nourishing food
nutritional value
on diet
overeat
overeat oneself
overweight
picky
picky eater
protein
protein synthesis
raw material
retention of food
vegetarian
strict vegetarian
well-rounded nutritious diet
bland diet
greasy
greasy French fries
insipid food
pungent
pungent taste
salty
salty water
sour
sour flavour
spicy food
strong taste
sweet
sweet wine
tender
tenderness
musical
tuneful
musicality
musically
instrument
instrumental
instrumentalist
evolve
evolve into
evolution
evolutionary
optimize
optimization
acoustical
acoustics
property
chemical property
characteristic
vibrate
vibration
sympathetic vibration
libration
eardrum
ear
eardrum
a perforated eardrum
bassoon
celesta
cello
a cello solo
Chinese lute
clarinet
sopranino clarinet
clavichord
cornet
double bass
electronic keyboard
flute
glockenspiel
guitar
electric guitar
harmonica
echo harmonica
harmonium
harp
mouth organ
oboe
organ
organ pipe
panpipe
piano
electric piano
piccolo
saxophone
shawm
tambourine
timpani
trombone
trumpet
a trumpet solo
tuba
viola
a viola solo
violin
violin concerto
acoustician
acoustics technology
audible
audible range
audio
audio signal
auditory
auditory stimulus
echo
echo location
harmonic
hydrophone
infrasound
loudspeaker
digital loudspeaker
mechanical wave
microphone
wireless microphone
rarefaction
rarefy
resonate
resonance
reverberation
reverberate
sonar
sonar projector
sonic
sound wave
supersonic
supersonic wave
ultrasonic frequency
ultrasound
ultrasound wave
vocalization
wave motion
disadvantage
drawback
handicap
advantage
disadvantageous
complex
intricate
complicated
complexity
typeface
sneeringly
sneer
refer
refer to
mention
Gothic
Goth
compass
magnetic compass
decimalism
decimal
gunpowder
black gunpowder
hieroglyphic
paper-making
printing
printing plate
seismograph
sundial
telescope
waterwheel
alloy
iron alloy
detach
detach from
dissolve
dissolution
ditch
ditch excavator
embed
emboss
embossment
frame
base frame
harden
hard
lapping
lubricate
lubricant
meld
mosaic
mosaic glass
mould
plastic mould
opaque
ore
mineral
perforate
punch
quarry
limestone quarry
refine
seam
seam line
smelt
spark
electric spark
technological process
tinker
tinker with
weld
weld steel
medical
medical care
medical reform
infirmary
school infirmary
institution
public institution
staff
crew
personnel
abscission
abscission of cornea
acupuncture
Chinese acupuncture
allergic
be allergic to
birth control
clinical
clinical reception
clinical trial
convalesce
convalescent
deliver
delivery
doctor in charge
epidemic
epidemic prevention
facility
medical facility
homeopathy
houseman
illness
chronic illness
inquiry
make inquiries about
make inquiries into
be in hospital
be in the hospital
nurse
nurse station
recuperate
recover
sanatorium
seclude
secluded
surgery
surgical
transplant
transplant into
organ transplant
heart transplant
treatment
treatment effect
ward
abnormal
abnormal phenomena
ache
alleviate ache
acute
acute tonsilitis
advanced stage
benign
benign
benign tumor
chilly
chill
chronic
chronic disease
communicable
communicable disease
congenital
congenital defect
contagious
contagious disease
convulsion
convulse
cramp
muscle cramp
diagnose
diagnosis
dizziness
dizzy
drowsy
feel drowsy
flatulence
suffer from flatulence
genetic
genetic factor
impotent
impotence
incurable
incurable disease
latent period
lethal
lethal dose
malignant
malignant neoplasm
neglect of exercise
non-infectious
non-infectious disease
normal
normal temperature
overfatigue
fatigue
potential complication
recheck
remediable
irremediable
sore
symptom
coral
coral reef
reef
back reef
barrier reef
shallow
shallow water
superficial
tropical
tropical forest
tropic
subtropical
subtropical climate
decline
decline stage
declining
alarming
alarm
alarmist
acidification
oceanic acidification
atoll
blast fishing
calcium carbonate
climate change
cluster
colony
community
continental shelf
crustacean
exoskeleton
fishery
fishery resource
fore reef
fragile
fragile ecosystem
fringing reef
jellyfish
marine species
mollusk
polyp
rainforests of the sea
reef crest
sea anemone
secrete
secretion
shoreline protection
sponge
spongy
stony coral
underwater
underwater creature
deflation column
geomorphic
glacial plucking
gorge
the Three Gorges
grand
majestic
marine abrasion
marine deposition
marsh
swamp
mirage
natural landscape
natural reserve
plant cover
polar region
prairie landscape
rime
rosy clouds
sea breeze
sea of clouds
solution crevice
stalactite
stalagmite
terrain
landform
tropical rain forest
vagarious
waterfall
beach
coast
shore
consist
consist
consist in
compose
insist
persist
pebble
dune
seashell
pile
a pile of
heap
stack
debris
comprise
include
shell
shellfish
marine
marine biology
mariner
submarine
altitude
cavern
cleft
a cleft in the rock
contour
ebb
ebb away
elevation
elevate
endemic
exotic
hemisphere
horizon
horizontal
latitude
ledge
longitude
calculate longitude
lowland
meridian
prime meridian
moist
damp
oasis
salinity
absolute salinity
sediment
sedimentary
subterranean
subterranean cave
terrestrial
cape
Cape of Good Hope
channel
English Channel
coast
Gold Coast
coastal erosion
coastal landform
coral reef shoreline
geosphere
gulf
the Gulf Stream
gullet
hydrosphere
gulf
the Gulf Stream
gullet
hydrosphere
insular
islet
marine abrasion
marine deposition
oceanic
oceanic basin
oceanic ridge
oceanic trench
peninsula
strait
Bering Strait
accumulation
amassing
accumulative
stratum
catalog
register
sequence
sequential
sequent
subsequent
reliable
dependable
trustworthy
reliability
marker
marked
markedly
throughout
geology
geologist
geological
tectonics
volcano
volcanic
active volcano
shield volcano
cone volcano
extinct volcano
dormant
dormant volcano
volcanic ash
volcanic dust
eject
reject
object
inject
deject
erupt
eruption
outburst
lava
lava flow
magma
caldera
crater
bowl-shaped crater
crater lake
crust
tectonic plate
depression
dome
volcanic dome
sulfur
sulfur dioxide
char
earthquake
earthquake prediction
seismic
seismic wave
seismic focus
focal depth
epicentral intensity
epicenter
mainshock
aftershock
isoseismal line
jolt
magnitude
seismogram
seismograph
seismology
seismic belt
shake
shake off
shake up
tremor
glacier
glacial
iceberg
moraine
important
importance
innovation
technical innovation
reformation
innovate
innovative
camel
ability
ability to do sth.
inability
thrive
flourish
boom
harsh
harshness
condition
on condition
on condition that
out of condition
load
heavy load
effective
effective measures
an effective remedy
ineffective
effectively
effictiveness
efficient
inefficient
efficiently
energy-efficient
cardinal
chief
crucial
dominant
dominate
domination
elementary
elementary school
essential
focal
forefront
foremost
fundamental
fundamentally
imperative
indispensable
key
key person
key word
key point
magnitude
major
majority
momentous
paramount
pivotal
pivot
predominant
predominantly
primal
primary
primarily
prime
primer
principal
principle
significant
significantly
significance
supreme
supremacy
supremely
uppermost
vital
vitalism
vitalist
vitality
aeolian landform
dune
erosive
erode
gobi
hungriness
wind erosion landform
exploit
exploitation
over-exploitation
intensively
intense
intensity
intensive
extensive
forage
rummage
slope
sloping
slant
inclination
cereal
grain
gazelle
barren mountain
basin
ocean basin
Sichuan Basin
canyon
rummage
slope
sloping
slant
inclination
cereal
grain
gazelle
cavity
chasm
gulf
delta
the Nile Delta
floodplain
fold
gully
highland
highland climate
hillside
hilly area
hinterland
ice field
mountain tundra
karst topography
marsh
marshy
mountainside
peninsula
Arabian Peninsula
pinnacle
plain
coastal plain
strand plain
plateau
plateau phenomenon
ravine
gorge
ridge
mountain ridge
sandbank
steppe
prairie
summit
summit conference
swamp
swampy
tableland
The Grand Canyon
topography
topographical
topographically
tundra
turf
turf sb. out
upland
valley
in a valley
wet land
amplitude
amplify
infertile
infertile soil
magnificent
magnificence
muddiness
muddy
precipitate
precipitation
relief map
sandy
sandy soil
scum
scummy
silt
silty
spectacle
spectacular
thorny
thorny problem
wilderness
untamed wilderness
wonder
wonderful
recognition
social recognition
recognizable
recognized
aspect
respect
dimension
facet
inspect
prospect
modern
modern poetry
modernity
flora
floral
fauna
present
present in sth.
remnant
the remnants of the sun
remains
landscape
landform
acknowledge
acquiesce
acquiescent
acquiescence
admit
admittedly
adopt
adoption
affirm
agreeable
approve
approval
disapproval
assent
authorize
authorization
unauthorized
concede
cede
accede
recede
precede
concur
confession
confirm
confirmation
consensus
consent
endorse
grant
license
driving license
nod
permit
permission
ratify
reception
reception desk
sanction
unanimous
warrant
recall
recall the past
recollect
feat
achievement
elaborate
detailed
thorough
ornate
complex
elaborately
elaboration
narrator
narrate
narration
pantomime
pantomime
mime
pantomimic
impersonation
impersonate
impersonal
eventually
eventual
eventuality
assume
assume an obligation
assume office
presume
suppose
bear
assumption
assuming
consume
consuming
consumer
resume
different
different from
diverse
distinct
differ
difference
aside
theater
comedy
tragedy
farce
opera
mummery
puppet
repertoire
repertory
main plot
heroine
hero
dialogue
monologue
act
playwright
script
interval
episode
rehearsal
rehearse
costume
military
militant
warfare
guerrilla warfare
martial
martial art
bellicose
aggressiveness
aggressively
invade
invasion
invader
outbreak
combat
truce
weapon
armament
troop
disarm
extreme
in the extreme
intense
uttermost
extremity
desertification
desert
deserted
result
result from
result in
consequence
outcome
vast
in vast numbers
the vast majority
immense
extensive
vastness
tremendous
striking
massive
tremendously
affect
influence
unaffected
effect
infect
reverse
reversal
reversible
process
procession
acid rain
air pollution
alkali land
barrenness
carbon dioxide release
contaminate
contamination
contaminant
contaminated land
contaminated soil
decibel
deforest
deforestation
forestation
deteriorate
deterioration
climatic deterioration
disposable
disposable chopsticks
drought
El Niño
emission
zero-emission
environmental issue
environmental pollution
exacerbation
fume
global warming
greenhouse effect
greenhouse gas
groundwater contamination
human activity
land carrying capacity
litter
trash
garbage
waste
noise pollution
noxious
ozone layer
plastic bag
pollute
pollution
pollutant
polluter
radioactive
sea level rise
sewage
industrial sewage
sewage disposal
soot
water pollution
white pollution
worsen
voyage
voyager
prudent
discreet
navigator
navigable
navigation
navigate
chart
flow chart
sea chart
uncharted
lighthouse
beacon
encounter
counter
dredge
dredger
gulf
branching
divergence
inflow
inshore
inshore waters
magnet field
merge
merge into
merge with
river system
run-off
urban run-off
salinity
absolute salinity
saturate
saturated zone
silt
sullage
surge
surge damper
tidal
tidal flow
tow
towage
turbulence
turbulent
captain
crew
helmsman
mate
soulmate
navy
navy blue
pilot
a fighter pilot
shipowner
compass
encompass
helm
lodestone
log
ship's log
navigation tools
oar
quant
radar
under the radar
shipboard
starboard
larboard
tonnage
sea mile
anchor
anchorage
bail
bail sth. out
beacon
buoy
cruise
cruiser
drift
adrift
embark
disembark
furl
unfurl
homing
launch
launching
moor
moorage
moorings
sail
sailor
steer
steering
tack
tide
trend
transship
veer
swerve
weigh anchor
windward
leeward
capsize
distress signal
ground
aground
leak
leakage
shipwreck
wreck
wreckage
dock
quay
wharf
dockyard
harbor
harbor entrance
outport
port
port of call
roadstead
shipyard
wharfage
infantile
infant
amnesia
retrograde amnesia
amnesiac
intrigue
conspiracy
intriguing
ample
abundant
trample
amble
display
on display
exhibit
capability
ability
capable
aphasia
aphasia syndrome
apoplectic
apoplectic
atrophy
muscle atrophy
central paralysis
dementia
vascular dementia
epilepsy
focal epilepsy
get numb
language barrier
lose consciousness
migraine
severe migraine
neurological
neurological disorder
paralyze
paralytic
Parkinson's disease
vertigo
brain stem
central nervous system
centralis
sulcus centralis
consciousness
conscious
gray matter
nerve
nerve cell
neuron
sensory neuron
nucleus
peripheral
periphery
spinal cord
spinal nerve
tract
traction
tractor
white matter
applied psychology
biologism
biologist
functionalism
function
cultural-historical psychology
determinism
cultural determinism
differential psychology
element of mental phenomenon
environmentalism
environmental
faculty psychology
intentionalism
intentional
interactionism
interaction
mental chemistry
personal psychology
reactology
react
reflexology
reflex
relativism
relative
social-cultural-historical school
structure of mental phenomenon
researcher
research
core
center
sample
specimen
sampling
basically
essentially
cross-section
longitudinal section
basin
anticyclone
atmospheric
atmospheric temperature
density
atmospheric density
direct sunlight
element
elemental
elusive
elude
evaporated
evaporation
hectopascal
hectowatt
moist
moisture
mysterious
the mysterious universe
seasonal demand
subtropical
subtropical climate
sunrise
at sunrise
sunset
at sunset
tropical cyclone
uncontaminated
uncontaminated soil
breeze
gentle breeze
brisk
centigrade
centigrade thermometer
chilly
chill
dew
dewdrop
down fall
downpour
a sudden downpour
drizzle
thin drizzle
Fahrenheit
foggy
foggy morning
forecast
weather forecast
freezing
freeze
frigid
frigidity
frost
frosty
hail
hail storm
haze
hazy
light air
mist
in mist
misty
misty morning
moderate rain
nippy
overcast
overcast sky
precipitation
annual precipitation
rain cats and dogs
shower
heavy shower
sleet
smog
smoggy
snowflake
stuffy
hot and stuffy
swelter
sweltering
temperature
temperature range
thunder storm
acorn
birch
box
camphor tree
coconut palm
cypress
deciduous tree
elm
evergreen broad-leaf forest
evergreen tree
fir
ginkgo
hickory
ivy
the lvy League
laurel
maple tree
oak
phoenix tree
pine tree
poplar
sandalwood
satinwood
sequoia
shrub
bush
sycamore
willow
willowy
hardy
hardiness
verdant
verdure
virgin
virgin forest
credit
credit card
discredit
credibility
impressive
impressive achievement
impress
impression
array
an array of
series
entrepreneur
entrepreneur team
entrepreneurial
ATM
automated teller machine
balance
balance inquiry
bank account
bank statement
cancellation
cancellation charge
close an account
debit card
demand deposit
deposit
deposit account
deposit rate
deposit receipt
depositor
small depositor
foreign currency
foreign exchange
freeze an account
interest
interest rate
mature
a mature bond
merchant bank
open an account
passbook
passbook saving
principal
principal and interest
report the loss
savings account
term deposit
withdraw
withdraw cash
check deposit
notice deposit
endorse
endorsement
overdraw
overdraw an account
overdraft
malicious overdraft
amortize
amortization
arrear
in arrear
borrower
collateralized loan
credit risk
deadline
meet the deadline
debit
debit balance
debt
debtor
debt collector
default
default risk
extension
extend
guarantee
loan guarantee
installment
installment payments
lender
lend
loan
loan interest rate
offset
be offset by
overtime
repay
repay a loan
substitute
substitution
warrantor
warrant
confront
confrontation
multitude
a multitude of
unreliable
trustless
reliable
figure
economist
economy
compare
comparable
aggregate
in the aggregate
aggregation
cultivated
cultivate
age structure
annual
birth rate
census
census register
demography
demographer
distribution
population distribution
emigration
emigration policy
expectation of life
family planing
general mortality rate
immigration
immigration office
infant mortality rate
internal migration
migrant
migrant population
migration
migrate
migration rate
floating population
mortality
mortality rate
natural growth
NPG
negative population growth
populous
population
random sampling
rural population
sampling survey
sex ratio
uneven
uneven distribution
urban population
vast
vastness
vital statistics
ZPG
zero population growth
ageing
population ageing
Alzheimer's
annuity
annuity insurance
desolate
deserted
DINK
Dual Income, No Kids
dink family
disease prevention
elder
elder generation
extend
extension
fertility level
longevity
longevous
medical level
nursing home
pension
professional care
progeny
descendant
solitary
workforce shortage
plot
species
subspecies
drought
drought disaster
compensate
compensate for
compensatory
bloom
in bloom
chlorophyll
deciduous
deciduous forest
defoliate
fruition
fruit
full-blown
germination
germinate
graft
graft sth. onto sth.
hardy
immature
mature
leaf
in full leaf
leafstalk
life cycle
lush
lushness
moisture
sufficient moisture
oxygen
oxygen content
photosynthesis
prolific
productive
radicle
ramify
ramification
respiration
respire
ripe
ripen
root
take root
seed
sow
sowing
sprawling
sprawl
sprout
bean sprout
stem
on a stem
temperature
temperature range
transplantation
transplant
vein
veining
verdant
wither
wither up
adapt
adaptable
common descent
competition
rivalry
Darwin
Darwin's Theory of Evolution
degradation
biological degradation
die out
directional selection
dominant
predominant
evolutionary
evolution
extinction
species extinction
fierce
fierce battle
habitat
natural habitat
inferior
inferior to
metabolism
metabolism disorder
natural selection
offspring
descendant
origin
origin of species
preservation
preserve
succession
successive
superior
superiority
survival
survival of the fittest
weed out
imprisonment
life imprisonment
imprison
double
double agent
recidivism
recidivist
abet
abet a crime
abuse
child abuse
accessory
accessory before the fact
arson
assassin
assassinate
assault
sexual assault
blackguard
bloody
bloody battle
detract
drug traffic
felon
felony
forcible
violent
gangster
heinous
heinous crime
illegal
illegal act
illegal transaction
implicate
implicate in
joint offense
malefactor
malice
malice aforethought
maltreat
maltreatment
mayhem
murder
mass murder
nefarious
nefarious activities
principal
rape
gang rape
reprehensible
reprehensible deed
smuggle
tort
torture
savage torture
unauthorized
unlawful
unlawful detention
vandalism
vandalize
violation
violation of law
violence
domestic violence
behind bars
complice
concertina wire
convict
crime rate
criminal organization
defensible
defense
detention
youth detention center
duress
under duress
fence
electric fence
fetter
gallows
gaol
gaol bird
gruesome
gruesomely
handcuff
a pair of handcuffs
incarcerate
incarceration
inmate
jail
put in jail
manacle
noose
prison
prison term
break prison
prisoner
prisoner of war
visit a prisoner
security lighting
warden
warder
propagate
reproduce
disperse
spore
tiny
fertilize
fertilizer
contain
include
container
self-contained
instruction
instruction manual
directions
indication
instruct
instructive
instructor
instructional
unprotected
outer
external
coating
supply
supply sth. to sb.
provide
nutrient
nourishment
nutrition
nutritional
nutritionist
malnutrition
nutritious
afield
angiosperm
breeze
buoyant
concentrate
deposit
deposition
depositional
dormant
drift
encapsulate
favorable
favor
float
gossamer
habitat
layer
location
locate
multiply
multi
naked
naked eye
nourish
nourishment
nourishing
protection
resistant
be resistant to
settle
settle down
sheer
shell
soften
softness
survive
survival
survivor
toehold
wrap
wrap up
amino acid
chromosome
decode
family tree
gene
genetic
genetics
genetically
genetic variation
hereditary
mutation
reproduction
reproduce
reproductive
substitution
substitute
substituted
autotrophic
heterotrophic
malnourished
strain
strain at the leash
strained
constrain
perish
perishable
selection
natural selection
selective
infect
infection
infectious
stabilize
stability
unstable
parasite
host-parasite relationship
parasitic
parasitically
bacillus
bacterium
bacteria culture
colony
colonial
fungus
germ
microbe
microbial
microorganism
pathogenic microorganism
virus
viral
aerobic
aerobic bacteria
anaerobic
anaerobic bacteria
antibody
antibiotic
antibiotic
bacteriological
bacteriological weapon
cultivate
cultivation
decline phase
decompose
decompose into
degradation
disinfect
dormancy
exponential growth
fermentation
ferment
fission
fissionable
fissility
germiculture
immunity
immunology
inconspicuous
inconspicuous consumption
infection
bacterial infection
invisible
invisible to the naked eye
involution form
log phase
microbiology
microbiologist
microscope
multiply
pathogene
pathogenic
rot away
stationary phase
stem cell
sterilization
sterilize
vaccine
vaccinate
vaccination
residence
residence time
dwelling
reside
residency
particular
particularly
peculiar
molecule
molecular
calculate
miscalculate
calculation
calculator
volume
amount
capacity
barrier lake
brook
stream
rivulet
cape
Cape of Good Hope
channel
English Channel
coast
Gold Coast
coastal
coastal city
corrugate
crack
cracked
cracking
deflation
deflate
deposit
deposition
downstream
drainage
embankment
embank
fountain
gulf
the Gulf Stream
gullet
gulley
hydrology
hydrological
inlet
outlet
island
isolated island
islet
main stream
maritime
midstream
mineral spring
mother river
ocean current
oceanic
oceanic basin
oceanic ridge
oceanic trench
offshore
offshore platform
rapids
to shoot the rapids
riverway
watercourse
saline
salty
seabed
sediment
sedimentary
shallow
shallow water
sluice
sluice sth. down
strait
Bering Strait
subterranean river
The Great Lakes
thermal spring
tributary
branch
underground river
upstream
headwaters
whirlpool
bubbly water
distilled water
drinking water
fresh water
hard water
running water
salt water
soda water
surface water
tap water
waste water
collection
collect
collective
recollection
specialized
specialized personnel
specialize
detection
detective
photosensitive
hypersensitive
pigment
pigmented
pigmentation
restrict
restrain
restriction
restrictive
direction
orientation
directive
incoming
strike
hit
striking
bleary
bloodshot
congestive
cataract
color-blind
cross-eyed
strabismic
eye irritation
floater
myopic
myopic eyes
pinkeye
retinal detachment
conjunctiva
cornea
eyeball
eyeball to eyeball
eyelid
intraocular
intraocular
intraocular pressure
iris
lens
pupil
pupil dilation
retina
retinal
sense organ
blink
eye movement
eyedrop
optic
optic disc
optic nerve
overlook
vision
visual
gleam
gleaming
glimmer
a glimmer of hope
glint
shine
glisten
glister
glitter
sparkle
gloss
glossy
glow
glowing
photometer
pedometer
sociologist
sociology
primary
primary group
primarily
transmit
transmitter
transmission
transfer
mediate
mediation
mediator
reconcile
interpret
interpretation
interpretable
cultural
cultural difference
culture
pattern
behavioral pattern
patterned
oneness
solidarity
ethnic solidarity
solid
solidify
acquaint
acquaintance
community
community service
compatible
incompatible
courteous
discourteous
dispute
in dispute
disrespectful
respectful
dweller
eccentric
eccentricity
harmony
harmonious
hospitable
inhospitable
inhabit
inhabitant
interpersonal
interpersonal relationship
modest
modesty
neighborhood
neighborhood committee
resident
residential
selfish
selfish behavior
selfless
selfless devotion
stubborn
unconcerned
concerned
civilization
ancient civilization
culture
mainstream culture
multiculture
cultural
cultural tradition
diversity
diverse
cradle
in the cradle
spiritual
spiritual civilization
folk
folk art
globalization
global
indigenous
indigenous population
aboriginal
aboriginal tribe
distinctive
distinctive culture
various
variety
varied
varied culture
unique
uniqueness
secular
secular world
consuming
consumer
consume
consumption
stimulate
motivate
stimulus
stimulant
stimulation
foodstuff
barley
beet
coarse cereal
crop
crop rotation
foodstuff
frozen food stuffs
grain
grain depot
highland barley
millet
oats
rye
sorghum
soybean
sugarcane
tobacco
wheat
wheat flour
affluent
affluence
by-product
dry farmland
fallow
fecund
fecund soil
fruiter
harvest
harvest time
irrigated land
irrigation
sprinkling irrigation
irrigation canal
pasturage
pasture
planting industry
rotation
rotate
sufficient
sufficiency
sufficiently
throughput
cash crop
grain crop
fodder crop
green manure crop
horticultural crop
medicinal plant
ornamental plant
vegetable crop
bid
bidding
commercial
commerce
competitor
competition
consolidate
consolidation
contract
contractor
corporate
corporation
credible
incredible
earnings
salary
haggle
haggle with sb. over sth.
payment
faithful
loyal
faithfully
represent
representation
representative
principle
principal
embody
embodiment
dynamism
dynamic
dynamical
create
compose
creation
creative
creativity
weaving
weaver
braid
braiding
cotton
decorative
harsh chemicals
interlace
interlacing branches
knit
knitting
overlap
pattern
patterned
plait
plaiting
seam
seamed
seamless
sew
sewing
stitch
stitching
striped
stripe
wool
woolen
longitudinal
longitudinally
loom
plain weave
shuttle
warp
weft
yarn
fabric
fabricate
felt
lateral
laterally
lining
needlework
plaid
polka dot
satin weave
solid
solidity
textile
twill
accessory
boutique
fashion boutique
chic
chic style
color blocking
customize
customer
eye-catching
eye-catching development
fashion
fashionable
gimmick
marketing gimmick
mainstream
mainstream user
matching clothes
non-mainstream
non-mainstream culture
obsolescent
obsolescent product
outdated
outdated data
passing fad
personality
personality trait
prevailing
prevail
prevalent
prevalent trend
ritzy
street fashion
street style
tailor
tailored
tendency
tendency chart
vogue
in vogue
worship
brand worship
turn
in turn
attachment
enclosure
attached
engender
foster
encourage
nurture
Roman
virtue
by virtue of
in virtue of
virtuous
sense
make sense
in a sense
sensible
sensibility
sensitive
responsibility
social responsibility
responsible
devotion
devote
devoted
natural
naturalist
naturalistic
order
orderly
adhere
adhere to
adherent
adhesion
adhesive
bond
cling
cling to
cohere
coherent
cohesive
glue
stick
sticker
sticky
viscous
arouse
arise
beget
breed
inbreeding
evoke
invoke
revoke
generate
generator
genesis
harness
incipient
induce
inducement
inducible
initial
initiate
lead
lead to
origin
originate
origination
originator
pique
pique one's interest
pique one's curiosity
provoke
render
rendering
spark
spawn
spontaneous
spontaneously
stir
stir up
strike
striking
strikingly
trigger
trigger a war
contrast
by contrast
compare
amphibian
produce
product
production
productive
productivity
thermal
thermal energy
hydrothermal
energy
energetic
metabolic
metabolism
allow
allow sb. to do sth.
allow sth. to do sth.
temperature
independent
be independent of sb.
be independent of sth.
autonomous
independently
surrounding
surround
ambient
ambience
alligator
camouflage
centipede
chameleon
cobra
crawl
creep
crocodile
frog
tree frog
komodo dragon
lizard
python
rattlesnake
rattle
regenerate
regeneration
reptile
salamander
serpent
shed
snake
grass snake
a snake in the grass
tadpole
toad
tortoise
tortoise shell
turtle
sea turtle
venom
venomous
albatross
blackbird
canary
chickadee
crane
crow
crow about
cuckoo
dove
eagle
egret
flamingo
hummingbird
kingfisher
lark
macaw
magpie
mandarin duck
mockingbird
mynah
nightingale
ostrich
owl
night owl
parrot
peacock
pelican
penguin
emperor penguin
pheasant
robin
cock robin
seagull
skylark
sparrow
swallow
swallow up
swan
black swan
turtle dove
vulture
whippoorwill
wild goose
woodpecker
gap
gap in ...
gap between ...
gap among ...
income gap
crevice
original
original topic
original handwriting
an original viewpoint
primitive
primal
origin
originate
aboriginal
grain
go against the grain
particle
cereal
grainy
totally
plug
plug in
unplug
cement
concrete
chemical
chemist
chemistry
dissolve
melt
liquefy
eliminate
solvable
solvent
percolate
filter
groundwater
consolidation
unconsolidated
consolidate
take place
afterwards
beforehand
cleft
crack
crush
crash
craft
fissure
flaw
hiatus
rift
split
separate
biochemistry
chemical agent
chemical change
chemical property
chemical reaction
combination
combine
compound
copper
hydrocarbon
carbon
lead
mercury
neutralize
neutral
neutrality
sodium
tin
zinc
mutual
mutual support
mutually
mutuality
facilitate
finance
finance director
financial
exchange
stock exchange
device
wireless device
equipment
apparatus
devise
shipment
shipment cost
access to
adequate preparation
be acquainted with
business cycle
business letter
channel
legal channel
cooperation
cooperation partner
dealer
retail dealer
enclose
enclose with
essential factor
establish
establishment
expansion
expansion project
exporter
export
financial gain
importer
import
loyalty
brand loyalty
lucrative
lucrative market
manufacturer
manufacture
mutual benefit
negotiation
business negotiation
substantial
a substantial salary
supplier
supply
tactic
strategy
target audience
trade price
transnational
transnational corporations
trust
trust in
win-win situation
actuals
barge
cabotage
cargo
cargo receipt
carrier
carry
consign
consign ... to
coastal trading
delivery
delivery deadline
depot
container depot
discharge
drag
haul
fleet
fleeting
forwarder
freight forwarder
freight
freightage
full container load
haulage
haulage company
load with
logistic
logistic management
long haul
physical distribution
port dues
quay
quay shed
shipload
shipping
shipping container
storage
storage fee
stow
stowage
unload
unload material
wharfage
distrust
distrustful
account
take ... into account
account for
accounting
accountant
accountable
willingness
willing
willingly
immensity
immense
immensely
gain
attain
achieve
contact
contactable
intact
irresistible
resistible
balance of trade
barrier to trade
commodity inspection
cross-border transaction
customs
customs union
domestic
domestic market
economic integration
expand market
export license
export
exporter
export rebates
floating
free-trade area
global trade
import
import duty
import license
importer
legal importer
interest rate
intergovernmental
intergovernmental agreement
international trade
invoice
bill
monetary system
overseas
overseas sales
quota
ration
quote
quotation
Silk Road
stock
inventory
supply
provide
tariff
trade
trade deficit
trade restriction
trade surplus
trade route
treaty
negotiation
voucher
vouch
WTO
World Trade Organization
Argentina
Australia
Australian
Brazil
Canada
Canadian
Chile
Columbia
Congo
Denmark
Egypt
ancient Egypt
Finland
France
French
Germany
German
Greece
Greek myth
Guinea
India
Indian
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Italy
Italian
Japan
Japanese
Libya
Malaysia
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
Nigeria
North Korea
Pakistan
Peru
Philippines
Portugal
Singapore
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Spanish
Sweden
Switzerland
Thailand
The United Kingdom
Turkey
Turkish
United States
Vietnam
Vietnam War
conquest
conquer
conqueror
troop
special troop
military
province
state
provincial
fortification
fortify
participation
participate
participator
admiral
admiralty
air force
air-defense unit
allied troop
armored
armored forces
artilleryman
barrack
barracking
captain
cavalry
cavalryman
colonel
senior colonel
commander
commander in chief
commando
commando of marines
convoy
death squad
general
gunner
infantry
infantryman
lieutenant
lieutenant colonel
marine
marine radar
marshal
naval
naval officer
paratrooper
rank
military rank
senior
senior service
sentry
sentinel
sergeant major
sniper
snipe
soldier
foot soldier
squadron
squad
tank
title
position title
veteran
war veterans
warlord
aim at the target
air war
airfield
ambush
lay an ambush for
annihilate
annihilation
armistice
truce
battle field
belligerent
belligerence
besiege
blitz
a blitz on sth.
bombing
bombard
capture
captive
cease fire
cold war
command
command the troop
counterattack
death toll
decamp
decode the signal
defense
defense against
definitive
definitive decision
deploy
deployment
disarmament
disarm
duel
fight a duel
fortress
citadel
ground assault
ground battle
guerilla warfare
intelligence
intelligence agency
interloper
intruder
lull
lull sb. into
maneuver
menace
security menace
militant
mobilize
mobilize the army
mutineer
betrayer
paramedic
prisoners of war
pullback
retreat
retreat from
revenge
revenge oneself
rout
put sb. to rout
scheme
scheme out
scuffle
siege
raise a siege
stealth
stealthy
strategy
strategic
subdue
subdued
tactic
military tactic
take cover
treason
treasonous
under attack
vengeance
vengeful
victorious
victorious team
warlike
warmonger
withdraw
withdraw the troop
program
programmatic
programmable
design
designer
designate
preschooler
preschool
focus
focus on sth.
focus on sb.
focus upon sth.
focus upon sb.
focused
primarily
primary
principally
emotional
emotion
emotionally
emotive
factor
element
ingredient
gear
out of gear
promote
promotion
cognitive
cognition
experience
undergo
amenable
be amenable to
appreciate
appreciation
appropriate
inappropriate
benefit
beneficial
comprehensive
comprehension
consequently
consequent
consult
consult with
courageous
courage
cultivate
cultivate creativity
earnest
in earnest
edify
edification
encourage
encouragement
even-tempered
temper
inherited
lead by example
maturation
mature
modest
modesty
naughty
naughtiness
obedient
obedience
outcome
participate
participant
potential
potentiality
praise
praise for
promise
promising
puberty
puberty stage
puberty rite
rebellion period
rebellious
rebellion
remind
reminder
respect
show respect
self-esteem
self-sufficiency
sensible
sensibility
substantial
substance
unique
uniqueness
abuse
child abuse
bully
bullying
chatter
chat
criticize
criticize sb. for
disappointment
disappoint
intervention
convention
preach
pry
pry into
punish
punish for
punish with
rebuke
condemn
satirize
satirization
spoil
spoilage
warn
warning
compile
edit
complier
compilation
description
portrait
depiction
describe
sketch
sketchy
sketchiness
utilize
utilization
compressed
compress
compression
compressible
squirt
spout
component
proponent
consecutive
consecution
facilitate
promote
fuel
fuel consumption
hands-on
firsthand
inspect
inspector
leading edge
maintenance
maintain
malfunction
breakdown
manual
mode
a mode of behavior
network
operate
operation
portable
portability
specification
specify
static
stationary
substandard
standard
brew
brewery
wine cellar
bartender
bartend
corkscrew
ice bucket
shaker
cocktail shaker
alcoholic
alcoholic beverage
dissipation
dissipate
hangover
moderately
moderately stable
quaff
sober
sober up
stimulating effect
genetically
gene
genetic
modified
modify
modification
geographic
geography
geographer
endangered
endangered species
endanger
include
exclude
inclusion
unique
unique feature
uniquely
uniqueness
rare
scarce
rarely
rarity
acceptor
activation
activate
adhesion
adhere
adrenal
adrenal gland
allel
antibiotic
antibiotic resistance
artificial organ
bilayer
binal
biodiversity
biodiversity protection
bioinformatics
biologist
cell biologist
biomanufacturing
biopharmaceutical
bioremediation
biotechnology
biotechnology industry
embryo breeding
carrier
clone
gene clone
embryology
embryonic
estrogen
androgen
genetically modified food
genomics
hybridization
hybridization technique
identical
identical twin
immune
immune system
insemination
artificial insemination
insulin
insulin resistance
marrow
marrow cell
molecular engineering
organism
multicellular organism
reproductive
reproductive organs
viral infection
atavism
atavistic
biological system
blood type
cell division
deletion
disorder
genetic disorder
dominant
dominant heredity
foetus
gene pool
genetic engineering
genetics
geneticist
genome
genotype
heredity
heredity factor
monogenic disease
recessive inheritance
recombination
genetic recombination
transgene
transgenic
variant
variant genes
variation
genetic variation
vestige
X chromosome
Y chromosome
derivative
DNA
Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid
DNA sequence
globulin
glucose
granule
granulocyte
intermediate
metabolize
metabolization
nucleus
polynuclear
protease
sporadic
sporadically
subsequent
subsequence
synthesis
synthetic
perfect
perfection
perfectly
separate
discrete
separable
condenser
condense
cylinder
stroke
heat stroke
devise
contrive
invent
piston
wheel
steering wheel
convert
conversion
reciprocate
reciprocal
automate
automation
automated production
automatic
automatic control
chain
food chain
code
coding
codify
gear
industrialization process
insert
interface
maintenance
vehicle maintenance
maneuverable
manual
manufacture
manufacturing
manufacturer
mass manufacture
remodel
replicate
duplicate
synthesize
synthesizer
synthesis
access
accessible
approach
approaching
manner
mannerism
means
by means of sth.
measure
mechanics
mechanist
mechanician
mechanic
medium
method
methodical
methodology
mode
recipe
resort
shortcut
tactic
tip
hint
via
way
cooperation
in cooperation with
cooperate
investor
institutional investor
invest
commercial
commerce
commercialize
undertaking
enterprise
joint-stock company
funding
fund
funder
investment
investment income
invest
merchant
trader
purchase
purchaser
advisor
investment advisor
conduct
consultant
consult
dividend
expected return
financial plan
financing
financing cost
fixed income
foreign exchange
forward rate
future
futures market
real estate
increment
investment diversification
money management
ratio
conversion ratio
risk assessment
maintain value
systematic risk
trust product
bearer
bearer bond
bond
bond market
bondholder
broker
stock broker
corporate bond
discount rate
enterprise
enterprising
equity
negative equity
financial bond
financial institution
fund
investment fund
government bond
hedge fund
issuer
issue
liquidity
liquid
pension fund
public accumulation fund
redemption
redemption fee
reserve funds
security
transaction
transaction price
unsecured
unsecured loan
justify
justified
reflective
reflection
reflector
self-reflective
intellectually
intellectual
intellect
involved
involved in sth.
involved with sth.
involved with sb.
involve
cope
cope with sth.
scientific
scientific study
scientific discovery
uncertainty
uncertain
uncertainly
discipline
subject
disciplined
accounting
accountant
agriculture
archaeology
archaeological
archaeologist
economics
engineering
linguistics
literature
classical literature
romantic literature
realistic literature
management
manage
manageable
pedagogy
pedagogic
philosophy
philosopher
philosophic
statistics
statistician
advanced
advancement
colloquium
compulsory
compulsory course
course capacity
credit
accredit
credence
credibility
curriculum
course
required course
elective
elective system
elementary
fundamental
basic
primary
exemption
exempt
faculty
dean
lecturer
advisor
intermediate
immediate
introductory
major
major in
minor
minor in
opening
option
have no option
optional
optional class
prescribed
prescribe
register
registrar
registration
registration form
selective course
semester
term
seminar
signature
specialized
specialize
specialization
syllabus
theoretical
theoretically
timetable
schedule
tutorial
tutor
priest
clergyman
charge
in charge of
temple
church
govern
administrate
governor
government
organize
organization
maintain
preserve
maintenance
ditch
ditch excavator
trench
dam
altar
altar wine
atheism
baptism
to receive baptism
belief
belief and worship
bishop
Buddhism
Buddha
Catholicism
Catholic
chant
Christ
Disciples of Christ
Christianity
Christian
denomination
disciple
adherent
doctrine
dogma
faithful
loyal
glorify
beautify
go to church
heaven
heaven on earth
hell
go to hell
heretic
heretical
holy
Holy Communion
Holy Spirit
Islam
Jesus
Mass
to attend Mass
meditation
meditate
missionary
preacher
pantheism
pilgrim
pilgrimage
religious
religious service
Satan
Taoism
the Holy Land
theism
theology
theologian
tribute
glowing tribute
aquifer
confined aquifer
basin irrigation
canal
irrigation canal
diesel motor
drip irrigation
dyke
groundwater
groundwater level
hydraulic
a hydraulic jack
impermeable
permeable
inadequate
inadequate rainfall
infiltrate
infiltration
inundate
inundation
localized irrigation
perennial irrigation
pump
water pump
rainfed agriculture
soil consolidation
spray
sprinkle
subsidence
ground subsidence
surface irrigation
vertical well
watercourse
weir
inequality
social inequality
equality
wealth
treasure
wealthy
rank
class
ranking
pastoralist
pastoral
military
martial
normally
usually
normal
slight
slightly
generate
generator
stable
steady
unstable
stability
stabilize
hereditary
inherited
hierarchy
social hierarchy
imply
implication
term
in terms of
terminology
barbaric
barbaric behavior
chief
leader
clan
clan warfare
discriminatory
discriminatory
discriminatory treatment
ethnic
ethics
exclusive
exclusion
hominid
horde
a horde of
isolate
isolation
maternal
partiality
gender partiality
persecution
ethnic persecution
polygamy
preference
preference for
preference to
prejudice
primitive
original
racial
racial discrimination
reject
rejection
savage
savagery
segregation
segregate
tribal
tribal alliance
tribe
nomadic tribe
administration
administer
appoint
appointment
aristocrat
aristocratic
authority
local authority
bicameral
bicameral legislature
bureaucratic
bureaucracy
constitution
constitutional
convene
convention
dismiss
dismissal
electorate
constituent
jurisdiction
jurisdictional
legislation
legislative
monarchy
constitutional monarchy
nominal
nominate
platform
political platform
regime
overthrow a regime
socialism
socialist
sovereign
monarch
statute
statute law
tenure
ecologist
ecology
ecological
relative
relatively
long-term
stability
stable
stabilize
unstable
climax
climactic
community
community service
sense of community
diversity
biological diversity
species diversity
variety
biodiversity
diverse
diversify
patchiness
patchy
patch
environment
natural environment
ecological environment
environmental
vary
alter
change
varied
varying
various
variation
variant
support
in support of
sustain
oppose
organism
aquatic organism
microorganism
uniform
unitive
uniformly
uniformity
convert
deform
deformation
deformed
diversion
fickle
mutation
gene mutation
shift
shifting
switch
switch off
switch to
transfer
transfer to
transform
transformation
transformer
transit
transition
transitional
ascend
ascending
enhance
enhancement
enhanced
hoist
raise
spiral
abate
decline
recline
incline
descend
drop
fall
reduction
reduce
slip
conventional
traditional
convention
function
functional
multifunctional
malfunction
alertness
watchfulness
vigilance
boredom
tedium
freedom
dormant
dormancy
doze
doze off
drowse
drowsy
hibernate
hibernation
hypnotic
hypnosis
lethargy
lethargic
mesmerize
mesmerization
nap
take a nap
oversleep
repose
repository
sleep like a log
slumber
slumberous
somnolent
somnolence
stretch oneself with a yawn
insomnia
insomnic
jet lag
nightmare
nightmarish
night terrors
sleep deprivation
sleep disorder
sleeplessness
sleepwalk
sleepwalking
teeth grinding
narcotic
narcosis
opiate
opium
soporific
anemia
anemic
blood group
blood type
blood-borne
coagulation
coagulate
coronary
coronoid
platelet
transfusion
transfuse
tubular
vascular
vascular tone
aggregation
aggregate
conjugated
conjugation
conjugate
cortex
cortical
epithelial
epithelium
eradication
eradicate
fibrosis
incompatible
compatible
infiltration
infiltrate
innate immunity
insoluble
soluble
outburst
overdose
placenta
contrary
on the contrary
opposite
argument
controversy
dispute
the Pacific
settle
settle down
Polynesian
accidentally
accident
accidental
maroon
strand
lost
adrift
drift
reasonable
a reasonable excuse
unreasonable
reasoned
reasoning
accomplish
complete
accomplishment
deliberate
deliberately
colonization
expedition
set out
stock
stock up
domesticate
domesticated
domestication
account
take ... into account
agonize
chew
chew over
conceive
consider
considered to be
considerate
inconsiderate
contemplate
contemplation
contemplative
dismiss
haunt
recall
ideology
meditate
meditation
ponder
muse
nostalgic
nostalgia
pensive
preoccupation
take one's preoccupation with
recollect
recollection
reflect
reflection
speculate
speculation
speculative
appetizing
appetizer
authentic
authentication
bland
braise
burnt
burning
calorie
kilocalorie
canned
canned food
convenience food
dairy products
delectable
delicacy
delicate
dietitian
dietary
dieter
edible
inedible
expiration date
fried
fried fish
flavoursome
flavor
greasy
grease
green food
health food
intake
luscious
delicious
medium
mediation
nutrient
nutrition
nutritious
obesity
obese
organic
organism
overdone
overcooked
palatable
unpalatable
preservative
preserve
protein
savory
savor
scrumptious
scrummy
spoilage
spoil
vitamin
well-done
well-done steak
Athenian
philosopher
philosophy
philosophic
Greece
Greek
propose
proposal
morality
moral
moralism
moralistic
base
be based on
individual
personal
individually
individuality
individualize
conscience
conscientious
demand
require
insist
demanding
command
accuse
accuse sb. of sth.
accusation
corrupt
corruption
condemn
condemn sb. to sth.
blame
bravery
civic virtue
code of conduct
courtesy
courteous
diligent
diligence
forgiveness
ask for forgiveness
honesty
humility
inner belief
integrity
kindness
out of kindness
mercy
at the mercy of
moral example
norm
criteria
standard
principle
public opinion
responsibility
shirk one's responsibility
sharp mind
social morality
upright
valor
virtue
virtuous
willpower
claim
command
commander
commandment
compulsory
dictate
mandatory
pretension
request
stipulate
additional
addition
evidence
proof
evidential
hypothesis
hypothesize
hypothetical
petroleum
petrifaction
decomposition
dissolution
decay
rot
decompose
organic
organic matter
organic chemistry
organic being
organism
optical
optics
optician
hydrocarbon
derive
derive from
nitrogen
nitrogen dioxide
originate
initiate
launch
origination
originator
analysis
analyst
analytical
analyze
analyze data
annotation
collect data
control group
experiment
experimental
factor
key factor
finding
in-depth interview
influence
interfere
interference
interpret
interpret data
investigation
investigate
lab
lab report
model
null
null hypothesis
observation
observational
questionnaire
questionnaire survey
research
research result
revision
revise
sample
simulation
simulate
subject
survey
surveyor
theory
theorize
theoretical
treatment group
edition
first edition
editorial
entitle
journal
periodic
periodic table
periodical
press
press conference
proofread
publication
supplement
volume
perspective
in perspective
strain
strain one's shoulder
sprain
critical
critical thinking
critically
technical
technical innovation
technically
novelty
newness
fade
fade away
vanish
attempt
make an attempt to do sth.
strive
contempt
adaptation
adapt
cast
a cast list
casting
costume
costume drama
cutting
dolly
dolly camera
dub
edit
editor
exterior
interior
film crew
full shot
long shot
montage
montage director
poster
post
preview
prop
clothing prop
recast
release time
scenarist
scenarist director
screening
screenplay
screenplay adaptation
scriptwriting
script
shooting
shooting schedule
shooting angle
special effect
spotlight
in the spotlight
visual effect
achievement
achieve
advanced
advanced technology
automatic
automation
clone technology
cutting-edge
technology
devise
contrive
digital age
industrialize
industry
initiative
take the initiative
innovation
innovate
innovative
intellectual
intellect
intelligent system
invention
invention patent
nanometer
research
research institute
revolutionize
revolutionary
scientific
scientific study
technology
computer technology
upgrade
upgrade industry
wireless technology
3D printer
multiplicity
diversity
multiple
egalitarian
egalitarianism
quasi-egalitarian
fellowship
friendship
scholarship
worship
star worship
flourish
thrive
boom
laissez-faire
a laissez-faire economy
interact
interaction
interactive
harmony
in harmony
in harmony with
harmonize
harmonious
ideological
ideological system
ideology
equality
inequality
equal
equally
consensus
reach a consensus
distinction
distinct
distinctive
abandonment
abandon
accelerate
acceleration
affluence
affluent
alienate
alienation
blockage
block
demobilize
destitute
destitute neighborhood
divert
equity
justice
famine
immutable
immutable truth
insuperable
insuperable difficulty
mischance
mishap
occur
occurrence
populate
inhabit
revelation
reveal
secure
security
socialize
socialization
stimulate
stimulate innovation
strengthen
reinforce
succeed
successive
transmission
transmit
unrestrained
restrained
appeal
appeal court
autonomy
autonomous
demonstration
mass demonstration
deprive
deprivation
dignity
dignify
freedom of association
inequality
social inequality
norm
criteria
outcry
petition
sign a petition
prerogative
the prerogative of mercy
privacy right
proponent
propone
protest
storm of protest
religion
religious
repression
political repression
right to assemble
right to vote
sexual orientation
supervision
supervise