explore
survival
on the heels of
specimen
species
assume
from the beginning
influence
as yet
extinct
giant
squid
observe
observation
elusive
habitat
for the first time
landmark
ingenuity
monumental
a drop in the bucket
in the ocean
vital
provide for
impact
planet
learn about
entirety
in one's entirety
vessel
documentary
alien
shark
whale
die from
die of
wash up
submersible
ensuing
frenzy
array
overlook
micro-ecosystem
feed on
buffet
antique
tick
crack open
intricate
gear
hostile
expertise
similarity
disparity
amount
funding
countless
under the surface of
below the surface of
beneath the surface of
fit together
jigsaw
puzzle
completion
reveal
fit into
for sb.'s benefit
for the benefit of sb.
imperative
accord
expedition
scale back
extraterrestrial
permanent
costly
mega-project
arise from
be set on doing sth.
drive up
radiation
miniaturization
rove
spur
fallow
far from
R&D
Research & Development
contribute to
combat
bacterium
bacterial
fertilization
regenerate
carbon dioxide
excrete
galaxy
enthusiast
spinoff
tout
extravagant
shipyard
champagne
tether
plunge
launch-pad
submarine
show sb. around
streamline
at the moment
implode
first hand
at first hand
collaborate with
offshore
hutong
karma
pass through
tile
characteristic
be characteristic of
structure
neighborhood
distinguish
residence
play a role in
communal
bundle
bundle up
vendor
step up
campaign
host
trace
boost
athleticism
spin
lever
swing
pendulum
scatter
tuck
workout
hang around
sanitation
at the head of
infrared-automated
entitle
be entitled to
recall
dramatic
advantage
take advantage of
border
ripped-up
contribute
along with
stock
be open to
dispute
grill
attend to
license
skewer
make history
acquire
mock
obvious
layout
intact
hawk
doom
good-humored
dwell
dwell on
demolition
move out
margin
essence
pragmatic
resourceful
threaten
initial
incursion
element
draw out
creative
routine
move in
move into
move to
suspend
prince
embassy
incarnation
mighty
lay low
amid
fade
trek
at one's peak
at the peak of
twilight
depart
forefather
exodus
plummet
be charged with
collapse
barn
hutch
cowshed
deposit
rickety
voluptuous
urinate
obituary-esque
lament
imminent
plight
significance
vacate
resettlement
subsistence
identikit
vaunt
resemblance
bear a resemblance to
bear no resemblance to
bucolic
budge
loyalty
take a back seat
take a back seat to sth.
take a back seat to sb.
pragmatism
ponder
foretell
megalopolis
cello
be dotted with
handful
a handful of
merge
merge with
suffocate
suffocating
vantage
urbanise
undocumented
migrant
inhabitant
multitude
reorient
kickstart
powerhouse
cluster
disoriented
outpost
patrol
watchtower
trolley
at a profit
all of a sudden
crane
put up
temporary
cement
earmark
comprise
ultra-connected
valiant
encroach
speed up
urgency
dispatch
senior
vice
vice-
in charge of
note
worthless
criterion
compute
code
have one's eye on
have one's eyes on
attribute
assess
cognitive
on the fly
pull ... together
validate
leadership
in particular
as opposed to
get there
care about
be faced with
step in
relinquish
humility
ownership
hotshot
plateau
commit
fundamental
genius
idiot
like hell
point of view
ego
finance
most of the time
come up with
mess up
sum up
exceptional
deliver
metric
beware
proxy
increasingly
collaboration
résumé
recruiter
brag
relevant
summit
tailor sth. to sth.
dedication
come across
go overboard
make the case for ...
make the case that ...
in general
go for
applicant
differentiate ... from
snapshot
dynamic
introverted
sociable
entertainment
outgoing
energetic
irrelevant
controversial
cross the line
open the door to ...
prejudice
discrimination
conscious
bias
come into play
apply for
regardless
distract from
adverse
inner
beat a record
desirable
trait
reinforce
backfire
spiel
aspiration
cover letter
outline
straightforward
to the point
circular
strengthen
lecturer
partnership
aim at
put emphasis on
engage in
proposal
link
voluntary
leisure
tend to
get down to business
face-to-face
finance-accounting
executive
verbal
breadth
disposition
update
regulation
approachable
confident
empathetic
requirement
HR
recruit
possess
moral
lose touch with
be involved in
profession
differ from ...
radium
polonium
radiation
award
governess
look forward to
register
drafty
subsist
arrange
arrange for
grant
property
brilliant
instrument
intrigue
emit
emission
uranium
ore
detect
be bombarded with
a great amount of
a large amount of
result in
intense
hypothesis
atomic
fragment
coin
suspect
donate
protocol
stir
little by little
conclusion
by the end of
isolate
extract
purify
contribution
nominate
object to
break out
portable
likely
exposure
aplastic anemia
remains
inter
curium
saint
gutter
esteem
hold ... in great esteem
hold ... in high esteem
hold ... in low esteem
nun
at half-mast
Mass
gigantic
be known as
wind
wind one's way
minister
headquarters
missionary
religious
humanitarian
burial
weep
salute
Catholic
convent
slum
live hand-to-mouth
infect
be infected with
archbishop
stubborn
sanction
sari
fatal
conviction
despair
in despair
undertaking
maggot
priest
for fear of
premature
donation
dowry
come of age
elicit
recognition
in recognition of
malaria
artemisinin
dig into
transcript
pharmacologist
accolade
diminutive
jet black
curl
dangle
rampant
chloroquine
parasite
synthetic
draw a blank
forthcoming
appoint
scour ... for
herb
screen
plague
entrust
nursery
recipe
remedy
sweet wormwood
hallmark
melt away
appositely
prescription
sleeve
soak
ingredient
ether
solvent
clinical
contract
subside
customary
anonymous
botanical
strain
in combination with
antimalarial
vigilant
fight for
healthcare
gratitude
the icing on the cake
physiology
kill off
communicate
LOL
amazeballs
BRB
emoji
emoticon
facial
ingrained
get ... across
abbreviate
abbreviation
have an effect on
span
contracted
streamline
streamlined
concise
conform to
tone
acronym
hail from
be vital to
confident
verbal
keyboard
icon
PR
stunt
arguably
slang
shorthand
misunderstand
dump
linguistically
economic
harsh
qualify
passionate
deride
mood
evolution
regression
sharpen up
specialism
lay bare
raise the bar
globalize
globalise
link
be ingrained into
be ingrained in
ELF
lingua franca
spawn
specialize
specialise
rare
excel
mobile
engagement
Twitter-sphere
respond
impact on
filter into
negative
be all about
context
millennial
switch
style
executive
ROFL
personality
only if
as a whole
a moot point
at best
have a way of doing sth.
evolve
priority
creep into
disaster
acceptable
at work
exclamation
etiquette
contention
piece
what if
ever-evolving
legitimate
adolescent
act as
discourse
semantic
linguist
threat
take sth. the wrong way
inflection
toneless
Scandinavian
convey
vibe
reprimand
clarify
casual
in-person
feel comfortable with
widespread
diminish
have a shot at
be conscious of
gauge
register
deviate from
sarcasm
sarcastic
bear in mind
tactic
obnoxious
crass
nouveau riche
jade
uncultured
bully
parvenu
bling
viral
flashy
resentment
traction
slogan
legitimacy
edition
underling
of the moment
garish
sophistication
derisive
netizen
luxurious
blogosphere
make the round
make the rounds
hold out
catchphrase
surpass
pose
threat
existence
voice
encounter
comparable
burn down
integrate
be integrated into
access
have access to
enhance
take comfort from sth.
draw comfort from sth.
take comfort in sth.
draw comfort in sth.
take comfort from doing sth.
draw comfort from doing sth.
take comfort in doing sth.
draw comfort in doing sth.
decrease
violence
statistics
vary
somewhat
on the rise
result from
trend
aid
a couple of
guideline
revise
accidental
clinical
consideration
go back to
in place
similar to
build in
institution
avoid
destructive
ideal
renewable
disabled
opportunity
make strides in sth.
make strides in doing sth.
pivotal
moral
giddy
technological
improvement
automation
productivity
imply
capital-intensive
skill-intensive
proficiency
displace
blue-collar
the dust settle
the dust settles
man
offshore
replace ... with
cream
sophisticated
earn a living
shed
deficit
courtesy of
by courtesy of
render
obsolete
drag
be a drag on sth.
be a drag on sb.
abolish
humane
vulnerable
stabilize
fragile
enlighten
enlightened
loom large
channel
federation
forecast
total
seemingly
limitless
emergence
hub
contradict
aim to do
modernize
labor-intensive
annex
indigenous
account
account for
capable
be capable of
reliant
be reliant on
bid
in a bid to
look into
automatization
reject
ratio
droid
on target
given
prediction
telecom
catch up